Roles
Localization (for field labels, notifications, etc.)
We know that we can’t change any of these areas in our production system, so how do we do it? We need to follow the
dev2prod process and the accompanying tools that Service Management Automation X provides. This will ensure that all of our
changes apply to production correctly, causing no problems or downtime.
One important point of clarification: fields that are created as user options (as part of an offering or model definition) and any
lists specific to a user option aren't considered system configuration items and aren't included in the dev2prod process. User
options are part of the data configuration process.
Data Configuration
Data configuration doesn't change the behavior of a process directly. Instead, it's referenced by a record, which may have an
effect on the overall process. An obvious example here is a service offering. While a specific service offering doesn't affect the
workflow of every request, selecting an offering will influence the behavior of that specific record.
Changes in data configuration areas 
aren't handled as part of the dev2prod process
 and must be either made directly in
the production system or imported into production from an external file (although importing isn't always an option for every
type of configuration data).
There are numerous examples of data configuration areas in Service Management Automation X, and while the overall method
of creating these types of data is similar, there are small differences we will investigate. For now, let’s list out the record types
that are considered part of data configuration:
Service Management Automation Service Portal settings
Routing definitions
Record categories
Integration settings
Service categories
Service definitions
Service offerings
Fulfillment plans
Time periods
Service/support agreements
Change/incident/release models
Templates
Approval definitions
SLT settings
Changes in these areas must be performed in the production system, which may seem risky at first. However, there are a few
best practices that will ensure that we will not cause any issues in the production system if we follow them.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
227
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.