Working with Forms
Every record type in SMAX has a pre-defined set of forms which the system uses when displaying information. The specific
form (or sometimes forms) shown to the may depend on what phase of workflow the records is currently in or what action the
user is taking. It's notpossible to create new forms. This restriction ensures a common look and behavior for all records of a
certain type, leading to increased productivity for the end user as the fields are always in the same place for each record.
While SMAX doesn't allow the creation of new forms, there are several methods available to customize a form based on
specific requirements. The two primary methods involve business rules and models.
Business Rules
There are several business rule templates available that allow modifications to a form based on defined conditions. Which rule
to use depends on the type of change you are trying to make. These rules include:
Disabling a field
Expanding a section
Hiding a field
Hiding a section
Hiding a tab
Restricting/allowing editing of fields
Using the business rules, a common form can be modified based on criteria such as the current phase of the record, the model
used, or any other information stored in the record itself. While there are too many examples of using the business rules to list
here, the following represents some of the more common use cases.
 
Hiding sections based on phase
In the Change process, there is often different information needed at different times in the process. For example, there is
specific information needed during the Review step of the process that's not meaningful for the earlier phases of the change.
Here, the Hiding a section rule can be used to hide this information until needed.
 
Note that a separate rule is used for the preview, full, and the calendar preview forms. 
Once this rule is in place, the Review section isn't visible in the early phases of the change:
 
but is visible for Changes that have reached the Review phase.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
379
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.