Containers need access to the host to change the host configuration (requires also privileged container)
The “root” user inside the container has much less privileges than a regular “root” user, except in the case of a privileged
container. See Privileged containers.
Privileged containers
In OMT embedded Kubernetes only Flannel runs with the privileged flag set to true in its YAML.
To allow Kubernetes to start containers in privileged mode via the Pod specification, the Kubernetes API server needs to be
configured to allow this.
Pod specifications can't use the “privileged:true” flag in the securityContext configuration to allow a Pod to start its containers
in privileged mode.
User and privileged summary
The Suite security guide may detail any exceptions.
The following Kubernetes processes run non-containerized:
Process
Run as user
Kubernetes Kubelet
root
Containerd daemon
root
Containerd configuration
The Containerd daemon only listens on local host. No outside access is possible.
Micro Focus doesn't require any special modifications of the host system or its kernel except those required to run Containerd.
We may require more recent kernel versions depending on the host OS version. Review the compatibility matrix for details.
Micro Focus is reducing the use of the “root” user as much as possible. The runtime use of privileged containers is limited. See
Privileged containers.
Providing access to additional capabilities for containers is restricted as much as possible. The following components get
additional capabilities:
Micro Focus has verified SELinux in the following modes: disabled, permissive, enforcing. See also chapter “SELinux”.
Certificates and secure communication
Installation
At OMT embedded Kubernetes, OMT AppHub and Suite installation time, CAs are created to generate and sign certificates
issued for:
the OMT embedded Kubernetes and OMT AppHub internal services (RIC)
the OMT AppHub and suite externally facing Nginx controllers (RE)
the suite internal services (RID)
The Suite may decide not to use the internal certificate generation feature and instead ask for customer-issued certificates.
These can be loaded on the NGINX controllers for OMT AppHub and suite.
Certificate deployment configurations
The following table describes the possible certificate configurations:
Case >
Component
v
All internal PKI
Ingress uses customer PKI issued certificate
Containerd
N/A
N/A
Etcd
OpenSSL from internal CA RIC
OpenSSL from internal CA RIC
Vault
OpenSSL from internal CA RIC
OpenSSL from internal CA RIC
Kubelet
OpenSSL from internal CA RIC
OpenSSL from internal CA RIC
K8S API server
OpenSSL from internal CA RIC
OpenSSL from internal CA RIC
Containers
Vault (from imported internal CA RIC)
Vault (from imported internal CA RIC)
Ingress
Vault (from imported internal CA RE)
Customer PKI issued certificate manually loaded
Comments
Default installation case
Recommended for production
It's recommended to load the Ingress controller with a customer-generated certificate. OMT doesn't generate that certificate.
The customer needs to use their PKI to generate and sign a certificate for the externally facing Nginx services: OMT AppHub
and suite. See “Use of customer certificates”.
Certificate zones
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
421
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.