permission control. For more information, see 
Assign permissions to a role for Administration modules
. 
Note: The system does not change the existing role permissions defined in the previous release after an upgrade to this
release.
Emoji support
The full set of 
Unicode emoji
 is supported in the following field types:
RICH_TEXT
SMALL_TEXT
MEDIUM_TEXT
LARGE_TEXT
The common scenarios where emoji are leveraged:
When an end-user submits a request in Service Portal, emoji can be copied into and displayed in text fields.
When email integration is used to generate a service request, the emoji in the email can be parsed and displayed in the
request.
When an agent edits a record, emoji can be copied into and displayed in the text field. 
Native SACM enhancements
Native SACM migration status
After the Native SACM migration starts, the 
MIGRATION STATUS
 button becomes available and you can click it to check the
progress of the migration. The migration status window gives you an overview of the migration. While the migration is
ongoing, the numbers of migrated/failed Actual Service, Service Components, System Elements, Devices, and CI relationships
are displayed. The numbers are refreshed every 30 seconds.  
Meanwhile, the 
MIGRATION REPORT
 button becomes available in the 
Migration Status
 window and you can click it to
download a .json file that contains the migration details.
For details, see 
Enable Native SACM in SMA
.
Business Criticality federation with Native SACM
The 
Business Criticality
 field in SMA and the 
business_criticality
 attribute in UCMDB are federated. For details, see 
CI
type, attribute, and subtype federation
.
Integration with SharePoint Server 2019
You can index articles from SharePoint Server 2019 into the Knowledge module. 
Integration with Microsoft Teams
You can integrate the suite with Microsoft Teams for Channel notification. For more information, see 
Integrate with Microsoft
Teams
. This feature is also supported in older versions now. Check the respective version documentation for details. 
Cloud Management enhancements
This release introduces the following enhancements for Cloud Management.
Pause and Resume
Service Designer Failure handling allows you to configure whether to pause or fail a service instance when an action failure
occurs during subscription modification. For details, see 
Service Design Failure Handling
. 
You can resume, reset, or fail a paused service instance during subscription modification. For information on the actions that
can be performed for paused service instances, see 
Instance Management
.
Deployment Operations UI Improvements
The instance detail page has the following enhancements:
Providers
 option to view which resource providers were used for provisioning or interacting with different cloud
resources for a given service instance.
Filter
 option to list the service instances.
For details, see 
Service Instance Management
.
Miscellaneous
You can now select OAuth 2.0 authentication methods if you use Exchange Online as part of Office 365 as your email
service. The email configurations are available in 
Suite Administration
 for the whole suite and 
Application settings
 for
each tenant. Note that the Basic authentication for EWS to connect to Exchange Online will be decommissioned soon by
Microsoft, contact 
Micro Focus
 Support if you don't have a plan to upgrade to 2021.02 in the near future.
In 
Suite Administration
, you can now change the 
Manage users in tenant
 setting to specify whether the tenant admin
can manage users in a tenant. This setting is on by default and can be changed when the tenant is in New or Active status
since this release. In previous releases, this setting is off by default and can't be switched off once you set it to on.
Dev2Prod - support for localized content managed by the Export/Import localization process. This includes
localized content of Categories, Service Definitions, and Offerings, which you create by exporting the English data
through the 
Export for localization
 option to a CSV file and then importing the translated CSV file back to the system.
After the import of a catalog data package, you no longer need to manually import the CSV file of the localized content
into the target tenant.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
117
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.