workflow is straightforward and comprises four distinct steps.
Creation
This step contains the 'Create phase' and is used to create the initial survey record. Here we can create the structure and
questions for the survey and select the fields that will appear in the reports.
Publication
During the 'Prepare' phase of this step, we can define the execution dates, create the business rules for sending out the
survey, and prepare the reports. If we define the 'Active from' date, the survey will transition to the next step when that date is
reached. Otherwise, we can manually move the survey forward when we are ready.
If we need to change the structure or questions of the survey, we can return it to the 'Create' phase.
Consumption
Now the survey is ready for the end users. We can send out the survey using either the manual or automatic methods we
discussed, and the answers will be recorded for our reporting. After the survey is completed, it moves to the 'Assess' phase
(which will happen automatically if we have specified an 'Active until' date). Here we can review all the reports, but new
Surveys will not be sent out and data will no longer be collected.
Retirement
Here the survey is archived. All saved data is cleared out and reports are inactivated so that it frees up our overall reporting
quota.
Sending out a Survey
After we create our survey, we need to send it out for people to answer. Service Management Automation X provides two
primary ways of distributing surveys; manually or automatically.
Sending a Survey Manually
To send a Survey manually, we use the 'Send survey now' option from the survey we created. The system will then prompt us
for a list of people and/or groups to send the survey to. If we defined the survey around a specific record type (like incident or
request) we also need to define the record we want to link to this survey.
Finally, we need to specify a notification template for the survey, which defines how the survey invitation email will look to the
end user. Service Management Automation X has a default template we can use, or we can create our own.
Sending a Survey Automatically
To send a survey manually, we use the 'Send survey now' option from the survey we created. The system will then prompt us
for a list of people and/or groups to send the survey to. If we defined the survey around a specific record type (like incident or
request) we also need to define the record we want to link to this survey.
Finally, we need to specify a notification template for the survey, which defines how the survey invitation email will look to the
end user. Service Management Automation X has a default template we can use, or we can create our own.
If you are interested in more details on how to create the business rule, you can find them in the online documentation 
here
.
For both methods, the end users will receive an email with a link to the survey and they will see a visual indication when they
log in to the Service Management Automation Service Portal. They simply need to fill out the survey from the portal if they
wish — they have the option to skip the survey. Once we get their responses we can investigate the results.
Analyzing the Survey Results
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
194
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.