Service Portal
The 
Service Portal
 provides one centralized location for all employee issues related to IT. Its easy-to-use interface enables
users to independently request support, search a self-help knowledge base, and browse a service catalog. Users can even ask
their friends for help using an intuitive question and answer (Q&A) interface in which questions are routed to other employees,
based on their skills and expertise. The 
Service Portal
 also enables employees to track support and service requests.
The portal's sophisticated search capabilities enable users to independently find relevant information. Search results are
gathered from multiple sources and can include multimedia-rich articles, user Q&A, relevant services and forms, and targeted
support – all displayed in one, user-friendly interface.
You use Service Management to configure the portal to present valuable information and forms to end users. The catalog,
support offerings, and articles are managed in the Service Catalog Management and Knowledge Management modules.
Category tiles
On the 
Service Portal
, when a user clicks a category tile, a page is displayed with three tabbed sections:
Featured - displaying news, offerings, and articles
Offerings - displaying recommended and popular offerings
Articles - displaying recommended and popular articles
The category page also includes an enhanced search drop-down option, allowing the user to search the selected category or
all categories.
For information about how to configure this and other portal settings, see 
How to configure Service Portal feature settings
.
Grid view of requests
In 
Service Portal
, users can click 
Your Requests
 to view all of their own requests in tabbed sections: 
Open
, 
Closed
,
Following
, 
Public
, and customized tabs.
Defined by the system administrator, the customized tabs display requests based on DSL expressions. A user can click a
request to view its details, sort the columns, and filter these requests by specifying ID, keywords in the title, urgency, priority,
and so on.
Additionally, a user can also export up to 10,000 requests on the customized tab to an Excel table by clicking the 
Export to
XLS
 button. This Excel template is defined by the system administrator. If there is a pre-defined chart in the Excel template,
the chart is created based on the exported raw data.
For information about how to configure the columns to be displayed in the customized tab, the user roles that can access the
customized tab, the DSL expressions, and other related settings, see 
How to configure Service Portal configuration settings
. 
Related topics
Service Portal Administration
Service Catalog Management
Service Request Management
Knowledge Management
How to moderate Q&A
Note
 If a user is neither the "Requested for" person nor the "Requested by" person of the request, the user
isn't authorized to view the request details.


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
452
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.