grouping changes in a single maintenance window, but also ensuring they all can get the needed time with a particular
configuration item or group of CIs.
A mini version of the change calendar is also available when viewing a single change. This view only shows the current change
but allows the change owner to see upcoming maintenance windows and blackout periods. The system can also schedule a
change for the next suitable maintenance window, provided the owner specifies the expected duration of the change.
You can get more information about the change calendar in the 
online documentation
.
Change Analytics
Service Management Automation X’s Change Analytics feature allows us insight into our own Change Management process, as
well as making suggestions on how we can improve it. Currently, Service Management Automation X analyzes our
performance against three KPIs and gives us an idea of how we can best improve our results.
The three KPIs we are looking at are:
Success rate
Standard changes
Change automation
Success rate
This system measures this KPI by calculating the percentage of successful changes out of the total changes in the filtered
group. This starts by looking at all records, but we can filter to only look at changes against a specific service, in a certain time
range, in a certain category, or those made for a specific reason. In fact, we can use a combination of any of these filter
criteria to focus on exactly what we are looking for.
Along with an overall picture of how we are doing against our goal, Service Management Automation X’s change analytics also
shows us the areas where we will get the most “bang for the buck” against this KPI if we were to improve them. In the example
shown above, the system is telling us we should focus our improvement efforts against the Exchange service and the Catalog
service. Improvements in these services will result in a larger increase than if we were to focus on another service instead.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
214
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.