For SAM to generate correct compliance reports, certain license and product configurations are required. For example, your
desired license for covering the software installations, the license rule used to count the license usage against installations,
and how the license can downgrade and upgrade to different versions.
Such configurations can fall into two categories:
For OOTB products, only license configurations are needed.
For non-OOTB products, first you need to configure the license. If an existing license rule can be used on the product, link
the license rule to that product and configure the compatibility matrix. If no license rules can be reused, you need to
develop a new license rule.
Configure the license
In this step, you need to define your desired license for covering the software installations. First, create a license model with
information that classifies the license, including the unit price, license metric, and covered products. Then, create a license
that tells how many license rights are purchased and link it with the license model you created.
Create a license model
1
. 
From the top menu, select 
License Models
.
2
. 
Click 
 
New
.
3
. 
In the 
New Asset Model
 dialog box that appears, enter the required information, and then click 
SAVE
.
In this example, we create a license model for the Microsoft Office Visio product. This is a desktop application that can run
on both physical and OSE instances.
4
. 
Click the ID of the new license model record.
5
. 
On the General tab that appears:
a
. 
In the Asset Model details section, click 
Show more
, and then specify the 
Count per pack
, 
Pack price
, and
Currency 
fields based on the software asset information as part of the contractual agreement with the vendor for
their product. This information is used to calculate the cost of the license gap. Other fields are optional.
b
. 
In the Software coverage section, specify the license metric and product version.
For each product, you can only set one version. For cost-effectiveness, we recommend that you select the highest
product version available for your license. Later you can configure the downgrade matrix to enable lower-version
product installations to consume the higher-version license. See the 
Maintain license compatibility matrix 
section.
In this example, we use the 
Desktop Applications – Device License - Microsoft
 license metric and add the latest
version available Office Visio 2019 Pro.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
467
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.