Elasticity
What's elasticity?
Elasticity is the way the cluster resources scale up and down in relation to resource demand.
The Suite resource requirements vary according to a range of parameters, including but not limited to the number of entities
managed, tasks or events processed and/or the number of concurrent users.
Scaling may occur on various levels:
Cluster: add, reconfigure or remove cluster nodes.
Example: add one or more nodes as a result of scale up of a particular replication controller
Kubernetes: scaling up or down of pods (through Kubernetes Deployments, Replication Controllers, Replica Sets or
StatefulSets)
Example: increase the number of replicas for a particular replication controller
Suite capabilities: business use-case wrapper on top of Kubernetes and/or cluster scaling.
Example: scale up a web server service results in scale up of particular (one or more) replication controllers.
Suite installation: at installation time, one of various static deployment sizes can be selected to define the initial size of
the Suite installation.
So elasticity or scaling is layered and exhibits a possible ripple effect from top to bottom:
Figure - Scaling ripple effect
Scaling up a particular Suite capability requires scaling the Kubernetes controller that controls its deployment, which in turn
may require scaling the cluster by adding, reconfiguring or removing nodes.
Manual vs automatic elasticity
Ideally it should be possible to scale Suite capabilities automatically based on various parameters such as usage patterns,
time-of-day and others.
Suite capabilities can be scaled manually by directly:
Scaling the Kubernetes controller that controls their deployment
Scaling the cluster
Alternatively, Suites can use horizontal Pod auto-scaling to automatically scale services based on resource consumption.
Suite capabilities are always scaled indirectly because a single capability is provided by a combination of containers.
Level
Directly / indirectly
scaled
Makes sense to scale
independently?
Can be scaled
manually?
Can scale
automatically?
Suite capability
Indirect
N/A
Yes
No
Kubernetes
controller
Direct
N/A
Yes
Yes using Pod horizontal
auto scaling
Cluster
Direct
Yes. Load will be better
distributed.
Yes
No
Suite installation scaling
Suite installation scaling allows for selection of one of a set of predefined installation sizes.
Typically these sizes are listed as: small, medium and large.
The exact meaning of the size value differs from suite to suite. Refer to the Suite documentation for details on the installation
sizes.
Based on the selected size, the administrator needs to prepare a cluster with (just) enough nodes. Exactly how many nodes
are needed is described in the Suite documentation.
When the installation is running, the installation process will set an initial size for the Kubernetes controllers for each Suite
Note
Cluster nodes can always be added independently of any sizing specifications or resource demands and this will
almost always have a positive effect on performance.


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
440
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.