be passed back and forth between the two records. In fact, the Agent working on the Request simply needs to check a box
that states that the Service is impacted in some way and Service Management Automation X will automatically create a new
Incident and link it with the Request. Additionally, new Requests may be related to the same Incident when they come in.
When creating the new Request, the Incident will show up in the Agent’s interface as a possibly related Incident in order to
make the relation easier to find – and then the Agent can relate the two together with a single click.
When an Incident is resolved (we’ll look more at the actual workflow in just a minute), the pertinent information is copied to all
related Requests. The Requests will automatically move to the Accept phase, which if you remember will send the End User an
email to let them know the issue has been resolved. In this way, a single person resolving the Incident can also resolve
multiple Requests at the same time – without having to do anything additional!
For those time when the same Agent is responsible for both the consumer and provider side of the issue, Service Management
Automation X also allows them to do all of the work on the Request if they desire. If the Request is closed successfully, the
Incident will automatically be resolved as well. This works great for our Service Desk Agents that are more technical and work
on the actual issues as well as helping the End Users.
If you are still a little confused by the difference between the two processes, check out this 
document
 which explains it in
more detail.
Incident Workflow
Overall, the Incident workflow is very similar to the request workflow. However, the end goals of the two processes are
different. While request deals with ensuring that the end user’s issue has been resolved, the incident aims to eliminate any
disruption or degradation in the service that the IT department is providing.
Classification
Unlike request, there are two phases of the ‘Classification’ step rather than one. The first is the ‘Log’ phase, where the initial
information such as the title and description of the issue and what service is being affected. After this information is saved the
Incident moves to the ‘Classify’ phase.
The only additional information required in the ‘Classify’ phase is a category (remember those?). Once the agent enters the
category, the Incident will move on to the ‘Resolution’ step. It's important to have the categorization information as the
combination of category and service will most likely give us an idea of how this incident should be assigned.
Once we’ve entered the category (along with all the required fields) the incident moves on to the ‘Resolution’ step.
Resolution
The ‘Resolution’ step consists of two phases, the ‘Initial Support’ phase and the ‘Escalate’ phase. During the resolution step,
the service desk agents work to resolve any disruption that the Incident has caused. They may pass the incident along to one
or more expert groups if necessary. These groups aren't part of the day to day operations of the service desk but are Subject
Matter Experts (SMEs) that may be necessary to help with specific systems or applications that support our services.
If it becomes necessary to raise the visibility of the Incident within the organization, the agent can move it into the ‘Escalate’
phase. The primary goal is still to resolve any disruption, but the ‘Escalate’ phase marks the incident as needing more visibility
and sends notifications to more personnel.
Once the source of the service disruption is found and removed the agent can fill in a resolution for the incident, which moves
it into the ‘Validation’ step. Remember that to resolve the incident we don’t necessarily have to fix the root cause of the
problem, we only need to make sure that service has been restored to the consumers. This may involve providing a
workaround to the issue rather than a complete solution.
Validation
The ‘Validation’ step includes a single phase, ‘Review’. This phase allows the service desk agent (or other designated person)
to review the solution used to resolve the incident. If the solution is incorrect (if further testing showed the issue was ongoing
for example), the agent may return the Incident to the Initial support phase for further troubleshooting.
If the solution is correct, the agent needs to add a completion code to the incident before closing it and completing the
process. The completion code states how the issue was resolved. It might have been resolved successfully with a fix, or
perhaps a workaround was given to the end users. The completion code is very important for many post-incident reports and
processes such as problem management, and our agents need to make sure they take the time to fill it in correctly.
Feel free to take a minute and look at the 
incident workflow
 in the online documentation if you would like.
Incident Task Plans
I mentioned before when talking about incident models we can assign tasks as part of the incident process. An agent can
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
177
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.