Before you start
Current 
Micro Focus
 Service Manager customers need to familiarize themselves with the Service Management Automation X
application before starting down the Evolving to SMAX path. The following checklist provides information on the SMAX
application and the differences between it and Service Manager.
The ITOM Practitioner Portal contains high level information on Service Management Automation X functionality, and provides
discussion boards for communication with other users of the product. Information on the available features may be found here,
as well as use case studies, and informative videos, information on the latest updates, 
While the processes and workflows in both tools are similar, there are several distinct additions and differences the
administrators and users will encounter. Understanding SMAX best practices (and the key differences from those of Service
Manager) will make the transition easier and allow the application owners to create proactive documentation and messaging
for the end users to head off potential obstacles to a successful implementation. The Key Concepts and Way of Working
sections of the SMAX documentation will help to prepare you for the next step on the SMAX Evolution journey.
The administration team should understand how configuration (including integration with external products) is performed in
SMAX. While the workflow based configuration of the SMAX Studio will be familiar to users of the Process Designer in Service
Manager, there are several key differences in both the tools and the overall concepts. Understanding these concepts is critical
in order for the required functionality to be implemented in the new application. The Configuration Guide and the Example Jira
Integration give the administrators a head start in the work needed to configure SMAX to fulfill specific use cases for their
organization.
Finally, understanding specific differences between the SMAX and Service Manager products will help guide key
implementation decisions. It is important for the implementation team to read this specific chapter of the Way of Working
guide to ensure that any process based decisions are made with the new functionality in mind.
☐
 
Explore key SMAX functionality
Visit the following website to learn about the key features of SMAX:
ITOM Practitioner Portal: Service Management Automation 
☐ 
Review SMAX best practices
As part of evolving to SMAX, the customer should be familiar with the application's best practices. It is strongly
recommended to review the following guides:
SMAX Key Concepts
SMAX Best Practices
☐
 
Review SMAX configuration possibilities
The following guides will give the customer a better understand the possibilities in configuring SMAX. The
information covered in these guides provide information on configuration options inside the product as well as
information on integrating external products with SMAX.
Configuration Guide
Consuming external REST APIs in SMAX
Consuming SMAX REST APIs
☐ 
Review differences between SMAX and Service Manager
Examine specific differences in overall concepts and specific configuration methods.
Differences from Service Manager
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
237
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.