times when the images are in different directories. However, if you have specified the 
-l
 option to "false", then you
can only specify one image directory. The images can be the images download by the 
downloadimages.sh
. Only the
.tar, .tgz, and .tar.gz images are supported. Make sure the image file type matches the file extension. 
<org name>
: The organization in the image registry that contains the images for installation. By default, this is 
hpeswit
om.
 This option is mandatory if you aren't using the default organization name.
To see the full list of options for the 
uploadimages.sh
 command, run the following command:
./uploadimages.sh -h 
The 
-p
 option is the password of the "registry-admin" user. The initial value of the "registry-admin" password is the
password you set while you run the 
install
 to install OMT. You can also change the registry-admin password with the script
$CDF_HOME/scripts/updateLocalRegistryInfo.sh
.
4
. 
Wait until the images are successfully uploaded. Your terminal resembles the following:
Upload-process successfully completed.
Verify the upload status on the installation portal
1
. 
On the installation portal, check the number of uploaded images.
1
. 
Click 
MORE
 to check the name of the remaining images to be uploaded.
2
. 
Click 
CHECK AGAIN
 to see the updated details of the uploaded images.
2
. 
When all the files are successfully uploaded, click 
NEXT
 to go to the 
Prepare
 page. After you click 
NEXT
, you can't go
back to the 
Download
 phase.
Related topics
Next topic: 
Prepare the control plane nodes and worker nodes
Previous topic:
Select deployment configuration
(Optional) Download container images beforehand (on-premises)
Note: 
By selecting the -p option, you are disabling or bypassing security features, thereby exposing the
system to increased security risks. By using this option, you understand and agree to assume all associated
risks and hold Micro Focus harmless for the same.
Micro Focus encourages you to use some other password options, which aren't provided by Micro Focus. By
implementing the -p option, you may expose the system to increased security risks. You understand and
agree to assume all associated risks and hold Micro Focus harmless for the same. It remains at all times your
sole responsibility to assess its own regulatory and business requirements. Micro Focus doesn't represent or
warrant that its products comply with any specific legal or regulatory standards applicable to you in
conducting your business.


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
682
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.