Incident Management
Setting up Incident Management
Previously we set up our request management process to handle everything coming from the consumers of our services. Now
we’ll set up the processes we use to support how we provide those services to our end users.
The first of the “back-office” processes we’ll set up is the incident process. Incident management is triggered when there is an
outage or degradation detected in one of our services. We may detect the outage or degradation by monitoring software, it
may be found by one of our technicians, or it could even be reported by an end user through a support request. When
incidents happen, our IT managers get very grumpy, so we need to set up our process to handle them as quickly as possible.
In terms of setting up incident management, you’ll be happy to hear we’ve already done most of the setup already. Incident
uses the same record categories we created for request, and the same knowledge database we pre-populated with our
existing articles. We can set up some new surveys for incidents just like we did for request as well.
We should set up a few views and reports that are very similar to the ones we created for request. For the reports on the
dashboard let’s add:
My incidents by priority
Incidents by group
Incident Management
An Incident encompasses any disruption or degradation of a service, whether the service is internal or external.
Issues with redundant hardware (or software) are also handled as an incident, even if the degradation isn't
apparent to an end user.
The goal of the incident management process is to resolve the disruption or degradation as quickly as possible.
This may often involve enacting a workaround (such as rebooting a server or restarting a specific service) rather
than a permanent fix.
When a similar issue occurs multiple times, each instance should be tracked as a separate Incident. This allows
other processes (such as problem management), as well as reporting, to discover trends that will help to find the
root cause of the recurring incidents.
 


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
174
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.