Category of customers in UCMDB
You can have the following three categories of customers:
Default customer
Consumer customer
Provider customer
Default customer
When the UCMDB server is installed, a default customer is created. The default customer is with customer ID 1, and the
customer name and display label are "Default Client." All the OOTB content will be loaded into this default customer. 
Provider customer
In the Multi-Customer mode, the Provider customer is a system-level customer used to administer the UCMDB application and
manage Consumer customers. You must have one and only one Provider customer in the system. Do not use the Provider
customer to manage any business data. For details, see 
Manage the Provider customer
.
Consumer customer
A Consumer customer is a normal customer that consumes the data within its own customer territory. In a Multi-Customer
implementation, there might be a number of Consumer customers.
Using converged authorization solution
The converged authorization solution enables the SMAX tenant admin to manage CMS users, roles, and groups from one single
user interface (the SMAX agent portal) when CMS is deployed together with SMAX. While CMS permissions are still managed in
UCMDB UI, the solution removes the need for the suite admin to access the IdM Admin Portal for managing CMS roles, groups,
and users, and therefore streamlines the tenant admin's user administration workflow and reduces the maintenance cost. 
The CMS user management flow under the converged authorization solution is as follows:  
  
When the system provisions a CMS customer, the CMS out-of-the-box (OOTB) roles with CMS built-in permissions are
automatically seeded in IdM. The application field of these seeded CMS roles is "CMDB".  The suite admin can do CMS pre-
authorization for the SMAX tenant admin in IdM by creating a CMS admin group and associating the CMS OOTB 
SuperAdmin
role and the tenant admin user to this group, so that the SMAX tenant admin can access CMS with the highest privilege of this
CMS customer. After the suite admin enables Native SACM for the tenant, SMAX automatically replicates the seeded CMS
OOTB roles and the CMS admin group from IdM to the SMAX agent interface.  
The following describes the CMS installation process by using the converged authorization solution. This process includes the
following steps:
1
. 
Prepare NFS and PostgreSQL servers and add worker nodes
2
. 
Configure load balancers according to your network structure
3
. 
Install CMS
Prepare NFS and PostgreSQL servers and add worker nodes
You need to use a separate NFS server and PostgreSQL server for CMS, instead of using the same servers for the suite. 
Before you begin, prepare separate servers for CMS installation: 
1
. 
Determine the hardware resources (worker nodes, NFS server, and PostgreSQL server) that are required for your CMS
deployment. For details, see 
Additional hardware resources for CMS
. Note that the sizing recommendations are based on
the consideration that the suite needs to use a classic data flow probe instead of the probe embedded in the
Note 
In the out-of-the-box system, as soon as two or more customers exist in a UCMDB server, the default
customer is referred to as the Provider customer. In this release, the default customer (that is, customer 1) must
be used as the Provider customer in the Multi-Customer mode. 


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
695
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.