Manage software compliance using SAM
Knowing the software license position is critical to any organization aiming to manage software spending and prevent audit
issues. The Software Asset Management (SAM) capability allows you to create and analyze license compliance reports so that
you can systematically manage, control your software assets, and make insightful business decisions.
This use case describes how to navigate SAM, and how elements such as license, license rule, and license metric can be
consumed to create and analyze compliance reports.
This topic assumes that you have installed and enabled the SAM capability, and have deployed a Universal CMDB (UCMDB)
environment with Universal Discovery (UD). If this isn’t the case, see 
Install add-on capabilities
 and 
Enable SAM
 to deploy SAM.
Because the configuration items (CIs) discovered will vary between environments and with the introduction of new SAM
features in each release, the screenshots in this document might slightly differ from yours.
Key concepts and their relationships
Vendor: A company offering software products for sale.
Product family: A group of related software versions under the same product produced by the vendor.
License model: A classification applied to license assets. Each license must be based on a specific license model. Key
attributes defined in the license model are the cost attributes used to calculate the cost for compliance or overspending,
and the related license metric and product.
License metric: A metric that measures software usage and defines the consumption calculation algorithms. For a
publisher, products are licensed under one or more metrics. Generally, you can measure the use of products licensed
under the same metric with the same license rule.
License: A document that provides legally binding guidelines for the use and distribution of the software product.  Each
license must be based on a specific license model.  
License rule: A set of license calculation formulas published by vendors. It can be used to count the number of licenses
required in different scenarios based on data including hardware information and deployment information.
Compatibility matrix: Information defined by software vendors for specifying the product version downgrade capability
among different versions and editions. The upgrade matrix is also available for purchasing new licenses when they’re in
shortage to cover the installations. License rules will consume the compatibility matrix during license consumption
calculation.
Compliance: Compares the software installed in your environment against what you are legally entitled to use so that you
can view and report on over- or under-licensed software titles.
The following figure shows the relationships among these concepts.
Overview and navigation
To access SAM, from the main menu of Service Management, choose 
Run 
> 
Software Asset
.
To view certain SAM menus, you need to assign certain permissions for the 
License
 record type. For SAM Home and
Compliance, you will need the View privilege. Other menus (Analysis, License Metrics, License Rules, and Products) require the
Admin privilege. Out of the box, SMAX provides an 
Asset & Configuration Administrator
 role that has all the privileges
needed for using the SAM capability. For how to assign permissions to a customized role, see 
Roles
.
If you have full admin rights, clicking Software Asset opens the SAM Home menu, which gives an overview of the potential
costs that a company could incur for license overspend and the products that are at risk due to insufficient licenses. If you are
using SAM for the first time, the home screen won’t display any data. Once the system calculates license usage, the report
widgets will be populated. The displaying data is driven by UD linked with license information created within SMAX. To
navigate between SAM menus, click the arrow icon.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
465
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.