The 
New offerings
 section is removed from the subscription details and the CI details. Therefore, end users can't
create subscriptions from the offerings listed in this section.
The 
More offerings
 section is renamed to 
Related offerings
 in the the subscription details and the CI details.
A new 
Initiated by offering
 section is added to the the subscription details.
The 
History
 section is renamed to 
Request history
 in the the subscription details.
Cloud Native Focus
This release supports Azure Files as the storage service when you deploy SMAX on Azure using the Azure Kubernetes
Service. See 
AKS Sizing guides
 for sizing recommendations and 
Subscribe premium Azure Files
 for details.
When SMA is deployed on AWS with the Large sizing profile, EFS is supported.
Miscellaneous changes
The CDF management portal offers a 
Change
 feature that enables you to add non-installed suite capabilities to an
installed SMA instance, which can be either a new installation or an upgraded environment of SMA 2020.02. For more
information, see 
Add suite capabilities to an existing installation
.
One single CDF package for both installation and upgrade: 
CDF2002-xxxx-15001-Standard.zip
 for embedded kubernetes
environments and 
CDF2002-xxxx-15001-BYOK.zip
 for managed kubernetes environments
Adds support of the following operating systems for on-premises deployment: RHEL 8.1, and OEL 8.1
Upgraded to underlying key open source projects Kubernetes 1.15 / Docker 19.3 and alignment to default storage driver -
Overlay2
2019.11
SMAX 2019.11 introduces the following new features and enhancements.
Cloud Native Focus
SMAX in managed kubernetes mode now supports the deployment on Azure using the 
Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)
 and
AWS using the 
Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS)
.
Note:
 For SMAX environments already in AWS classical mode, we recommend that you use the 
backup-and-restore toolkit
 to
migrate your data to an EKS environment.
AWS GovCloud support
The suite can now be deployed on AWS GovCloud manually in classical mode. For more information, see 
Install the suite on
AWS manually
.
The classical mode will be replaced by the EKS mode when EKS is available on AWS GovCloud.
Service Portal enhancements
When the language of Service Portal is set to Arabic, the layout of UI elements is improved for better right-to-left (RTL)
language support. Additional improvements will be introduced in future releases as part of our continuous effort to eliminate
the remaining RTL related limitations.
Service Portal mobile app
The Smart Virtual Agent functionality for mobile app is upgraded to provide a better user experience. You can now chat
with a Smart Virtual Agent (Chatbot) in the mobile app, retrieving solutions and obtaining support from the RASA-based
virtual agent.
You can now add multiple tenants and switch between the tenants in the Service Portal mobile app.
Smart Analytics
Containerized IDOL in the suite is upgraded to 12.3 and the setup is changed from mirror mode to non-mirror (consistent
hashing) mode. 
A full reindex for Smart Analytics
 is needed if you upgrade the suite from a previous version, users are
informed with the reindex progress if they perform search when the reindex isn't completed.
Service Management enhancements
Automated physical deletion of attachments:
You can run a 
Delete attachments
 business rule, which when triggered, deletes attachments from relevant records. You
can run this rule after applying changes or per schedule. Additionally, an asynchronous file repository server (FRS)
cleansing daemon job keeps monitoring soft-deleted attachment files and then physically deletes them from the file
system on a daily basis (up to 20,000 files per day). For details, see the 
Delete attachments
 section in 
action rule
examples
.
Execution of OO flows directly from workflows:
You can run 
Execute Operations Orchestration (OO) flow
 business rules after applying changes in a record. This
feature is supported for all entities, including custom entities. You can run this rule at the entity level or entity workflow
level to trigger a job on a group of records that meet a specified condition. For details, see the 
Execute Operations
Orchestration (OO) flow
 section in 
action rule examples
 and 
Perform an integration with Operations Orchestration
.
Conversion of non-user friendly duration time format:
Duration time fields in reports that were displayed as numeric values in minutes/seconds/milliseconds, which were not
user-friendly, are now converted to readable dd:hh:mm format. This conversion covers the following fields:
SLT: ElapsedDuration
Task: BilledDuration
CartItem: SupportDurationTime
Request: SupportDurationTime
Release: ActualDuration, and ScheduledDuration
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
125
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.