You need two external load balancers to handle traffic from outside users and internal integration traffic between the suite and
CMS. They are both application load balancers. 
The following diagram illustrates the network structure of option 2.  
The following table describes the supported FQDN and port configurations for this option. 
Configuration
Example 1
Example 2
Using the same port (443) and different FQDNs for the suite and
CMS. Note that the two FQDNs must have different domains
(different portions after their first portion).
Suite: smax.example-domain-
1.com:443
CMS: cms.example-domain-
2.com:443
Note
: the network structure
diagram for option 2 uses this
example configuration.
Suite:
a.b.c:443
CMS:
d.a.b.c:443
Using the same FQDN and different ports for the suite (port 443)
and CMS (port other than 443)
Suite: myhost.example-
domain.com:443
CMS: myhost.example-
domain.com:3443
N/A
Note
: Using the same port (443) and different FQDNs that have the same domain (the same portions after their first portion).
For example, you can't use a.b.c for the suite and e.b.c for CMS.
Option 3
This option applies if you have set up a high-availability environment by using multiple control plane nodes and use an HA
virtual IP (defined in 
install.properties
) to leverage Keepalived's high-availability feature instead of using an external load
balancer. This option takes advantage of Keepalived to load balance the traffic for the suite and CMS in a multi-deployment
scenario.
With an HA virtual IP configured, Keepalived handles end user traffic as before, and you can use this HA virtual IP for setting
up an integration between CMS and the suite. That said, you don't need to configure any load balancers.
The following table describes the supported FQDN and port configuration for this option. 
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
697
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.