Backup/restore and disaster recovery
Data backup is a prerequisite to restore or disaster recovery.
Accurately backing up all the data needed so it can be restored in case of a disaster is of paramount importance.
Backup and restore
Backup
Containers provide the edge over classic product installation because of the standardized way of building and running
containerized applications.
All application components running in containers share the same common runtime and a similar and known way and place to
store external data.
In case of the OMT and Suites, backing up all of the data is simplified as it lives in only a handful known locations:
Location
Use
Container runtime data
directories
Vault, flannel and Kubernetes
OMT AppHub
The attached volumes
OMT AppHub NFS or Ceph external volume (container persisted configuration
and data)
Database files
Configuration data
Suite NFS or Ceph external volumes (container persisted configuration and data)
Database files
Configuration data
OMT installation configuration
data
ETCD or local file system
Restore
Restoring saved data and existing or fresh Kubernetes cluster is supported.
Refer to the documentation for detailed backup and restore instructions.
Disaster recovery
Using a backup of just ETCD and selected 1st control plane node configuration, a new fresh OMT embedded Kubernetes
including running applications can be rebuilt.
In a multiple worker node deployment, the system can tolerate worker node outages.
On multiple-control plane node setups (3 control plane nodes) the ETCD database is distributed. It is possible to lose one
control plane not and not lose high availability. If 2 or all control plane nodes are lost, the system can be recovered from a
backup.
Workers nodes are disposable. If a worker node crashes or dies, it can simply be reinstalled or replaced. The workload will be
moved automatically by Kubernetes. The workload is shifted away from the downed nodes to healthy nodes. Kubernetes
allows for prioritization and preemptive scheduling to keep the most important workloads running, until the downed nodes
have been rebuilt or replaced.
Control plane nodes need a little more care but in a highly available setup and with regular backups recovering from a one or
two control plane node crash is not a major undertaking.
What
Backup ?
Restore ?
1
st
 control plane node
Yes
Yes
NFS volume(s)
Yes
Yes
External DB
Yes
Yes
Secondary control plane node(s)
No
No ; add new
Worker nodes
No
No ; add new
Refer to the documentation for detailed steps for backup/restore and disaster recovery.
 
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
438
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.