Each location may have a 'parent' defined. Think about the parent/child relationship of two locations as 'the child is located
inside of the parent location.' For example, a country can be the parent of a city, or a rack can be the parent of a rack unit. I
noticed that the system will only let me add a parent that makes sense in the hierarchy, so it wouldn’t let me add a room as a
parent of a region.
We won’t have time right now to define everything down to the detail that Service Management Automation X allows. So what
we should do is determine what we will use locations for and make sure we define enough to support those processes. For
that, we need to look at what processes make use of locations.
The first and most obvious use of locations is to determine where a person or piece of equipment is physically located. Our
Active Directory already has most of this information in it, but we will have to define the locations in the system before we can
put anything in them. Therefore, we want to export that information and then massage it with the location types, then import
it into Service Management Automation X. That should get us a good start on defining our cubes and rooms, as well as defining
the parents such as floors, buildings, sites, cities, countries, and regions.
Another use of Locations we will get to eventually is linking locations with the stockrooms that support them. This information
is used in the service request and asset management processes to reserve 'in stock' devices/assets for delivery to a supported
location. While this will be important later, we can put off these definitions for a little while.
But when we’re ready to dive in, let's be sure to reference the 
online documentation for locations
 for more information.
Entitlement Rules
We'll eventually use locations, groups, and roles in what Service Management Automation X calls entitlement rules. These
rules restrict what our end users see in the Service Management Automation Service Portal. For example, we might only allow
requests for certain services from a certain location or group. We won’t be setting up any of these rules yet, but it's something
to keep in the back of our minds while we are defining our locations, groups, and roles.
If you can’t wait to find out more about Entitlement Rules, head to the 
online documentation
.
Time Periods
Everyone -- and in our line of work every
thing
 -- has a schedule. Service Management Automation X allows us to create
schedules for work schedules, holidays, maintenance and blackout schedules, and special events. The Time Period
Management module enables user to create and manage complex time periods for use in a variety of places inside of the
product.
Additional information on Time Periods may be found 
here
.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
153
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.