In the normal change workflow, the 'Approve plan', 'Build and test', and 'Approve deployment' phases are removed. Once the
'Plan' phase is complete, the change moves directly to the 'Execute' phase of the 'Deployment' step.
One goal of our change management process is to find those types of changes (represented in our change models) that we
can move to use the standard change workflow. This will involve work on our part to create well-defined change models that
dictate our approved process, but we also have tools in Service Management Automation X that will help us discover good
candidates. We’ll take a look at that when we look at change analytics.
Emergency Change Workflow
Often when something breaks, or there is a major Incident that needs to be resolved quickly, we need to adjust the IT
infrastructure as soon as possible. In these cases, it isn’t always possible to follow the normal change workflow, so we use the
emergency change workflow instead.
As you can see, again the difference from the normal workflow is in the 'Planning' step. The 'Approve plan' has been removed,
and the 'Approve deployment' phase has been replaced with the 'ECAB' phase (which is where the emergency CAB performs
approvals).
While the emergency change workflow allows us to make changes more quickly, it also makes the 'Review' phase more
important. Not only do we need to review whether the Change completed successfully and had the desired effect on the
infrastructure, we also need to look into why this needed to be an emergency change. We need to make sure that this type of
change is the exception to the process rather than the rule.
Change Tasks
Tasks and task plans are available inside of all the change workflows. Change often sees the heaviest use of tasks out of any
module in the system. Taking the time to create the right task plan during the planning step of a change can have a huge
positive impact on the overall success of the change process.
As we find types of changes that have similar (or identical) task plans, we can create change models based on those plans to
minimize the work the change owner needs to do for each individual change. Once we have our change models optimized, we
can review them and “promote” those with low risk to use the standard change process.
Change Approvals
Service Management Automation X gives us the ability to visually design complex approval plans that can reference specific
people or groups (such as our CAB group). These plans can look up people or groups from information related to the change
(such as the owner of the related service).
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
212
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.