Mega menu
Grid
Request module (excluding Live chat)
Approvals/Tasks
Incident module
Change module
The "Related contracts" section in the Contract details form
Emails and URLs (always left-to-right aligned, even in RTL mode)
 See 
Language support
. 
Native SACM – Mapping between SMAX subtype and UCMDB CI type
When a user creates a record of a federated SACM record type in SMAX, Subtype is a mandatory field. Based on the selected
Subtype, a CI of the corresponding CI type is created in UCMDB. The mapping is now defined by a set of business rules, which
set the CI type based on conditions such as Native SACM status and Subtype. Some basic rules are predefined in the "After
change" sections of Actual Service, Device, Service Component, and System Element record types to provide a default CI type
and cannot be modified. There are also a series of out-of-the-box business rules that define CI types based on Subtypes, which
otherwise, are customizable.
Note: If you have upgraded from an earlier version, we strongly suggest that you follow the steps listed in 
Update business
rules for Native SACM
 so the subtype-to-CI-type mapping can function as designed. Even if you have not adopted Native SACM
for now, doing so will ready your system for future Native SACM usage.
Native SACM – support for the full lifecycle of CIs
The enhanced CI aging solution enables you to automatically retire CIs that Universal Discover hasn't discovered for a
predefined period of time, and then move them to the End of Life metaphase. 
Important In an upgraded environment, you must perform a crawling upgrade before you can use this feature.
Native SACM – federation enhancement
In UCMDB, there are hundreds of CI types under the 
Application Resource
 CI type family. Previously, only three of them are
federated through the Native SACM solution: AWS Resource, Database Resource, and WebService Resource.
Now the whole 
Application Resource
 CI type family is federated through Native SACM. However, to make this enhancement
fully functional, especially for the CI topology feature and certain business rules, some TQL changes are required in the UCMDB
Admin UI and will be carried out by a new UCMDB content pack. Before the release of the next UCMDB content pack, we
strongly suggest that you manually update the TQLs in UCMDB so that you can immediately benefit from this enhancement. In
addition, for Application Resource CIs that already existed in UCMDB, some enrichment rules also need to be re-configured and
executed. Details can be found in the 
Additional steps for the Native SACM federation enhancement
 section below. 
Asset Management
This release introduces the following features for SAM:
Customize service workflows against license usage records
Introduced the 
License Usage
 feature that allows you to customize SMAX service workflows for better software compliance
management. For example, automatically sending email notifications when a software product becomes noncompliant and
creating service requests for purchasing new licenses when the license usage exceeds the threshold. See 
Customize service
workflows against a license usage record
.
Normalization rules
Offered the normalization rules to facilitate license consumption calculation and better compliance reporting. This feature
allows you to further normalize and group multiple products imported from CMS into a new one. Then, by configuring license
rules and maintaining the compatibility matrix, you can get a compliance report against the normalized product. See
Configurations
.
Enhanced license rules
Enhanced the license rule capability, making it easy for you to manage and use the license rules:
Supports editing a published custom license rule even when it's being referenced
Added the Generic user-based license rule
Enhanced and aligned user experience
Enhanced the 
Compliance
 
page for easier management and reporting of software compliance information:
Provided product compliance information at the publisher level
Grouped the compliance position information of on-premises and SaaS products on the same Dashboard
 
tab page
Added the 
Product compliance 
tab where you can view detailed software compliance data
Aligned user experience in SMAX:
Added the Columns widget on SAM's 
Compliance
/
License Metrics/License Rules/Products
 menus, which allows
you to customize your view of the available fields in each record. See 
List view columns
.
Supports exporting product compliance data into CSV and XLS files on the 
Compliance
 page
Allows you to drill down the product compliance reports on the 
SAM Home
 page to view more detailed information.
Cloud Management
OPB endpoints for DND
The following OPB endpoints are introduced for DND:
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
106
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.