Configuring the Network
This group of steps involve configuring the network. These steps differ depending on your installation scenario. A single node
installation requires little network configuration, since the single instance of the 
Vertica
 server does not need to
communication with other nodes in a cluster. For cluster and cloud install scenarios, you must make several decisions
regarding your configuration.
Vertica
 supports server configuration with multiple network interfaces. For example, you might want to use one as a private
network interface for internal communication among cluster hosts (the ones supplied via the 
--hosts
 option to 
install_vertica
)
and a separate one for client connections.
Important Notes
Network configuration is exactly the same for single nodes as for multi-node clusters, with one special exception. If you
install 
Vertica
 on a single host machine that is to remain a permanent single-node configuration (such as for development
or Proof of Concept), you can install 
Vertica
 using 
localhost
 or the loopback IP (typically 127.0.0.1) as the value for 
--hosts
.
Do not use the hostname 
localhost
 in a node definition if you are likely to add nodes to the configuration later.
If you are using a host with multiple network interfaces, configure 
Vertica
 to use the address which is assigned to the NIC
that is connected to the other cluster hosts.
Use a dedicated gigabit switch. If you do not performance could be severely affected.
Do not use DHCP dynamically-assigned IP addresses for the private network. Use only static addresses or permanently-
leased DHCP addresses.
Optionally Run Spread on Separate Control Network
If your query workloads are network intensive, you can use the 
--control-network
 parameter with the 
install_vertica
 script (see
Installing Vertica with the Installation Script
) to allow spread communications to be configured on a subnet that is different
from other 
Vertica
 data communications.
The 
--control-network
 parameter accepts either the 
default
 value or a broadcast network IP address (for example, 
192.168.10.255
).
Configure SSH
Verify that root can use Secure Shell (SSH) to log in (ssh) to all hosts that are included in the cluster. SSH (SSH client) is a
program for logging into a remote machine and for running commands on a remote machine.
If you do not already have SSH installed on all hosts, log in as root on each host and install it before installing 
Vertica
. You
can download a free version of the SSH connectivity tools from 
OpenSSH
.
Make sure that 
/dev/pts
 is mounted. Installing 
Vertica
 on a host that is missing the mount point 
/dev/pts
 could result in the
following error when you create a database:
TIMEOUT ERROR: Could not login with SSH. Here is what SSH said:Last login: Sat Dec 15 18:05:35 2007 from v_vmart_node0001
Allow Passwordless SSH Access for the Dbadmin User
The dbadmin user must be authorized for passwordless ssh. In typical installs, you won't need to change anything; however, if
you set up your system to disallow passwordless login, you'll need to enable it for the dbadmin user. See 
Enable Secure Shell
(SSH) Logins
.
Vertica
 performs best when all nodes are on the same subnet and have the same broadcast address for one or
more interfaces. A cluster that has nodes on more than one subnet can experience lower performance 
due to the
network latency associated with a multi-subnet system at high network utilization levels.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
612
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.