Data Configuration
Making changes to Configuration Data
Data configuration changes are modifications to records that can affect specific actions or calculations in a process without
changing the process itself. There are several examples of configuration data in Service Management Automation X, and each
may have a different effect on the processes. Some examples include:
Service offerings: change what can be selected from the service catalog, add user options to a request, add specific
business rules to a request, define the tasks for a request
Time periods: affect the calculations for service level targets and change calendars
Approval definitions: determine what approvals are needed for specific process, and in what order those approvals need
to be performed
As you can see, even though we aren't changing the system configuration, we can have quite an effect on the overall process
by creating or changing configuration data. Because data configuration changes need to be made manually in the production
system, we should ensure that we follow the right procedures to minimize the chances of causing any problems for our end
users and agents.
The following is a list of best practices we can use to ensure our data configuration changes go smoothly:
1
. 
When changing a new area or making a new type of change to any area, make the change in the development system
first. When creating a time period for the first time, or adding a new type of functionality like an external REST call in a
service offering task plan, it's best to take the time to create and test it outside of the production environment. Even
though the entire record may not be moved automatically between systems, by first testing the data configuration
change we can ensure there is no issues or conflicts when we create it in the production system (and we can copy and
paste the more difficult pieces such as any business rules or DSL).
2
. 
To minimize the chance of affecting users, the configuration data changes should be created in an “inactive” state. Then
the changes can be activated when a minimum amount of users are active on the system (such as immediately after a
system configuration change is made using the dev2prod process). Data configuration records have a flag, a status, or a
workflow phase that can mark them as inactive (and thus hidden to the end users). When it's time to activate the records,
in most cases it's possible to activate all records of a certain type at once using the multiple record selection and update
feature from a list.
Data Configuration Changes
Data configuration changes must be performed directly on the production system. While they can (and most times
should) be performed in the development system for testing, there is no automatic mechanism for moving them
into a separate production system.The records used to make data configuration changes have a specific status or
workflow phase which specifies that they aren't ready for users. This specification will keep anyone from using
these new records before you are ready to activate them.


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
230
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.