Services and the Service Catalog
Introduction
Some customers new to SMAX (or ITIL v3 in general) are confused about what IT services are and what services they
themselves support. ITIL defines it as "a service provided to one or more customers by an IT service provider." In more simple
terms, if an end user contacts the Service Desk with a request and the agent's answer is anything but "we don't support that",
that request is somehow related to a supported IT Service.
What are Services?
Services that IT provides to end users are called Business Services. Examples could include collaboration services, email
services, or mobile device support. Services that are used internally by IT are called Infrastructure Services. Some examples of
these might include data storage or networking services. Some services can even be made up of other services.
More information on Services and how they are defined can be found here: 
SACM Overview
Finding and defining the IT Services can be one of the most time-consuming parts of creating any SMAX implementation, but it
can also create the most value. Knowing the entirety of what IT does (and doesn't) support is an invaluable piece of
information. Once the high level services are known, the creation of the Service Catalog can begin in earnest.
 
Designing the Service Catalog 
The Service Catalog is separated into three sections:
Service Categories
Service Definitions
Offerings
Precise definitions and examples of each of these levels may be found here: 
The Service Catalog
When designing your Service Catalog, there are some high level considerations that you should keep in mind. These include:
Design for the End User
Design for Search
Design a Catalog, not an Entry Form
Design for the End User
When designing the Service Catalog, the most important design consideration is to create the catalog for the end user, not the
agents. While the purpose of the Service Catalog is to reduce the load on the agents, this can only be accomplished if the end
user is able to easily find what they are looking for. 
For example, when browsing the Service Categories, the end user is much more likely to understand what's contained in a
category named "Phone and Mobile" than one labeled "Telecom". 
Design for Search
Along the same lines, when creating Offerings, the descriptions must contain the right information so the end user can find
them when searching. The SMAX Service Portal works best when the users simply search for what they are looking for help
with. However, this only works if the Offerings contain all of the information the user might search for. When designing the
Offerings, include as much information about them in the descriptions as possible.
Design a Catalog, not an Entry Form
When designing the catalog, an administrator may fall into the mindset that it's important to keep the number of Offerings to a
minimum. To accomplish this, they will create a single Offering that can be used for a number of different actions. These end
user must then select one or more options to complete their request, often without being certain of which selection to make.
An alternative approach is to create Offerings that are specific to a single type of request or task. While this will result in more
Offerings to maintain, the system becomes more intuitive for the end user, leading to higher satisfaction and acceptance.
Consider how the leading on-line services build their own catalogs. There isn't a single item (offering) for "Book" that makes
the user select the type, author, and title from a list. Instead, each unique book has its own entry, categorization, and
description. This also makes it easier for the end user to search for and find exactly what they are looking for.
Creating the Offering Description
One of the most important parts of the Service Catalog is the description of the provided offerings. The descriptions are the
starting point of a customer's interaction with the Service Portal. It helps a customer to know:
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
246
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.