Support matrix for Azure deployment
Cloud deployments and on-premises deployments of the suite basically share the same support matrix (see 
Support matrix for
on-premises deployment
), except for the following aspects.
Supported environments
Cloud environment (Azure)
Docker image registry
Azure Container Registry (ACR)
Managed Kubernetes clusters
Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) v 1.23.x, 1.24.x
Helm
Helm 3.9.x
Operating systems
Worker nodes: Linux (Managed by AKS)
Ubuntu
Databases
A cloud-based suite production environment requires an external database instance. 
Self-managed PostgreSQL on Azure virtual machines is obsoleted.
OMT and the suite
The following table lists the supported databases for OMT and the suite (IdM, Suite Administration, Service
Management, Autopass, DND, CGRO, and SAM).
Cloud Provider
Database Service
Azure
Supports the following for OMT and the suite: 
Azure Database for PostgreSQL Flexible Server 14.x, 13.x, 12.x, 11.x
Vertica 10.0.x with SSL enabled for CGRO
Operation Orchestration (OO) Containerized
The table below lists the supported and certified databases for Operations Orchestration(OO) Containerized. You will need a
database for OO Containerized only if you are going to install DND capability.
OO Containerized external database version
PostgreSQL versions 14.x, 13.x, 12.x, 11.x
CMS
If you plan to install CMS on the same OMT cluster as the next deployment (SMA is the primary deployment), the table below
lists the supported and certified databases.
Cloud
Provider
Database Service
CMS components requiring external
databases
Azure
Azure Database for PostgreSQL Flexible Server 14.x, 13.x,
12.x, 11.x
UCMDB Server
AutoPass License Service (APLS)
Important: 
We always recommend that you follow the installation instructions and install the 
latest
 version
of the suite. If you have a reason to install an older release, please contact the Product Management team.


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
994
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.