Get started
Service Management Automation X (SMAX) is an analytics-driven service management solution. It combines four key
application areas: IT Service Management (ITSM), IT Asset Management (ITAM), Extended Service Management (XSM), and
Cloud Management.
ITSM and ITAM are available out-of-the-box. You can extend them in a codeless manner. You can find available ITSM and
ITAM apps in 
ITOM Marketplace
.
XSM works based on out-of-the-box content such as HR workflows. You can extend them in a codeless manner. You can
find available XSM apps in 
ITOM Marketplace
.
Cloud Management offers the following capabilities:
Design and Deploy (DND)
Cost Governance and Resource Optimization (CGRO)
Image Aggregation
Content Management
SMAX is offered as a service (SaaS), you can also deploy SMAX on-premises or in the cloud. Additionally, the multi-tenancy of
SMAX allows to host and manage environments for multiple customers within a single installation.
The following table includes detailed information about the deployment platforms.
Deployment
type
Deployment platform
Description
On-
premises
ITOM Container
Deployment
Foundation
Deploy on physical or virtual machines with Kubernetes provided by the ITOM OPTIC
Management Toolkit (OMT). 
RedHat OpenShift
Deploy on-premises with RedHat OpenShift Kubernetes and on-premises databases
and persistent storage.
Cloud
Google Cloud
Platform (GCP)
Deploy on GCP with Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) and other cloud native
services like CloudSQL and Filestore.
Azure
Deploy on Azure with Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) and other cloud native
services like Azurefile/Azure NetApp Files.
Amazon Web
Services (AWS) 
Deploy on AWS with Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) and other cloud native
services like Elastic File Service (EFS) and Relational Database Service (RDS).
The following capabilities are available during the suite installation.
Capability
Description
Service
Management
Automation
(SMA)
Services of the SMA suite.
Service
Manager
Portal Service
(SMPS)
Services required to integrate an external Service Manager system with SMA Service Portal.
Design and
Deploy (DND)
Part of Cloud Management solution. DND enables customers to make new cloud service offerings based
on published service designs available to consumers. This capability requires an HCMX  license.
The DND menu visibility also depends on the experience mode. For more information on how to set
experience mode, see 
Application Settings
.
Cost
Governance
and Resource
Optimization
(CGRO)
Part of Cloud Management solution. CGRO enables you to optimize your cloud spending and simplify
configuration with various cloud providers. With CGRO, you can review your public cloud costs to get a
clearer understanding of your activity and usage of public cloud resources.
This capability requires an HCMX license.
The CGRO menu visibility also depends on the experience mode. For more information on how to set
experience mode, see 
Application Settings
.
Software
Asset
Management
(SAM)
With the hardware and software data discovered by UD and license data retrieved from SMAX, the new
SAM capability enables you to calculate and analyze license compliance for the software applications
that you are using in your organization. This will reduce the risk of noncompliance and improve the
visibility into your financial and operational decisions.
The Service Management Automation suite includes components as described in the following table.
Component
Description
OPTIC
Management
Toolkit (OMT)
OMT powers the deployment of container-based software suites.
Suite
Administration
This is a user interface for a suite administrator to manage, configure, and operate the suite.
Service
Management 
Service Management provides a tool for service desk and help desk management that efficiently
handles change and incident management. Service Management integrates a broad range of suite
capabilities, Big Data, and social collaboration to enable your workforce with connected intelligence.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
134
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.