PPM process include each of the following: Total expected cost, consumption of resources (human or otherwise), expected
timeline and schedule of investment, expected nature, magnitude, timing of benefits to be realized, and relationships or
interdependencies with other projects in the portfolio.
Projected data
Data copied from fields in an existing (source) record to identically named fields in a newly opened (target) record.
Projected Service Outage (PSO)
A document that identifies the effect of planned changes, maintenance activities, and test plans on agreed service levels.
Q
Queue
The approvals queue displays the approvals that require your attention, and the tasks queue displays the manual tasks that
are assigned to you.
R
Raw result
The raw result is 
all
 of the operation’s return code, data output, and error strings.
Release management
Release management is the process that includes planning, designing, building, configuring and testing hardware and software
releases, to create a defined set of release components - changes. Key activities include planning, preparation, scheduling,
training, documentation, distribution, and installation of the release. In short, release management enables you to plan,
schedule, and control multiple changes and additions to existing services.
Remediation
Actions taken to recover after a failed change or release. Remediation may include back-out, invocation of service continuity
plans, or other actions designed to enable the business process to continue.
Response
Responses are the possible outcomes of an operation. For example, a 
Read Web Page
 operation may have three possible
responses:
The web page can’t be found
 (failure)
The page is there and the desired text is present
 (success)
The page is there but the text isn’t present
 (partial success - needs another action)
Result
Results are 
output
 produced by a step in a flow. For each step, you decide which of the operation's outputs you want to retain.
Outputs are not automatically retained in the flow. If they were, this could affect performance, by slowing down the flow with
unnecessary data.
Request
A request for products and services. Unlike changes, requests affect only the person making the request, or a subordinate
group of employees. Examples include password resets, individual PC upgrades, and new employee setup.
Request for Change (RFC)
A formal proposal for a change to be made. It includes details of the proposed change, and may be recorded on paper or
electronically. The term is often misused to mean a change record, or the change itself.
Request management
The process responsible for managing the lifecycle of all service requests.
Resource
A generic term that includes IT infrastructure, people, money, or anything else that might help to deliver an IT service.
Resources are considered to be assets of an organization.
Response time
A measure of the time taken to complete an operation or transaction. Used in capacity management as a measure of IT
infrastructure performance, and in incident management as a measure of the time taken to answer the phone, or to start
diagnosis.
Review
An evaluation of a change, problem, process, project etc. Reviews are typically carried out at predefined points in the lifecycle,
and especially after closure. The purpose of a review is to ensure that all deliverables have been provided, and to identify
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
529
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.