This is a great way for us to reduce the number of requests our agents have to handle by eliminating reports for planned or
known issues that are currently happening. If one of our users logged in to report the internal company web page is down,
they might see a news article explaining that it's down for maintenance. While it might not seem like much, the fact that we
won’t need to have an agent respond to that question is a great thing. Especially when you consider that this might happen to
a great number of users, we are making our agents more efficient by keeping new requests from being opened unnecessarily.
Searching in the Service Management Automation Service Portal
When the end user makes a search from the Service Management Automation Service Portal, the system will present them
with relevant articles from our knowledge database. Remember how I said knowledge is more than just our knowledge articles
though? Here the system might also present relevant service offerings that might solve an end user's issue.
The system provides everything in a single list, making it easier for the end user to find what they are looking for. Here you
can see that the system returned knowledge articles, but it also returned offerings and a user question (an extension of the
knowledge application we’ll look at later) that the user might find helpful. If the end user selects an article, they will view it in
its entirety (including any embedded images and video). If they instead select an offering, Service Management Automation X
will walk them through the requesting process.
Using Live Support
When the agent types a caller’s question or request on the 'Live Support' screen, Service Management Automation X checks
for related information — including knowledge articles and news. The agent can bring up the articles by selecting the
'Suggested Solutions' box, which shows the number of related articles that the system found.
If the agent finds an article that solves the caller’s issue, they can click the 'Propose as solution' button. This will fill out the
solution and link the request and the knowledge article.
You’ll be quick to notice that Service Management Automation X is again searching additional types of knowledge. We’ll take a
look at that when we check out the 'Live Support' page in more detail later.
Working a Request or Incident
If one of our agents is working on a request or incident through the standard interface, they can still take advantage of
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
182
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.