Release notes
This incremental release of Service Management Automation X (SMAX) introduces a number of new features and
enhancements, in addition to fixing issues.
What's new in SMAX 2022.11
This release introduces the following new features or enhancements.
Integration Engine enhancements
In this release, the Integration Engine provides new triggering mechanisms for inbound integrations: listener and scheduler,
adds support for the OAuth 2.0 authentication, adds connectors and scenario templates for Azure DevOps and Asset Manager,
enhances the Octane connector and scenario templates, and more...
Platform enhancements
Listener and scheduler
Two new triggering mechanisms are available for integrations that are based on the integration engine: 
listener
 and 
scheduler
.
Listeners enable external systems to trigger integration scenarios when certain events (such as the creation of a defect)
occur in the external system. This requires the external system to have a workhook mechanism that can automatically
push messages to a URL when the events occur.
Schedulers enable you to run integration scenarios according to a configured schedule. For example, run the "Get Jira
ticket status" scenario at 10:00 PM everyday.
Support for OAuth 2.0 authentication
The integration engine now supports the OAuth 2.0 authentication (the authorization code grant type). This OAuth 2.0
implementation complies with the standard OAuth 2.0 specification, so any external systems that also support standard OAuth
2.0 can use integration engine endpoints to integrate with SMAX. For more information on how to use the OAuth 2.0 endpoints,
see 
Working with OAuth 2.0 endpoints
.
Miscellaneous
New and enhanced 
DSL functions
 and 
built-in objects
Support for a new value type: array
Better preview of JSON payload
Ability to delete an integration
Ability to activate or inactivate a scenario
Ability to reference properties defined in the same "Prepare data" rule
Ability to dynamically omit certain query parameters from the request URL
Support for filtering, pagination, and sorting for integration engine execution logs
Ability to retain integration engine execution logs for a user-configurable amount of time
Content enhancements
New connectors
Workday, Asset Manager, Azure DevOps, and Microsoft Graph. See 
Connectors
.
New scenario templates
Azure DevOps
 and Asset Manager
Enhanced connectors and scenario templates
New actions are available for these existing connectors: Jira, Service Manager, and SMAX.
The Octane integration provides a new template "Process incoming event" to support listener-based use case and
enhanced templates to support attachment.
Service Management
This release introduces the following new features for Service Management.
Native SACM
This release introduces the following new features for Native SACM.
Enhanced CI lifecycle for DND provisioned CIs
If a CI is provisioned by a Service Design through the DND integration, the CI will be created in UCMDB and then synchronized
to SMAX. A new SMAX field called 
Provision state
 is introduced to monitor the CI state from the DND side. See 
Enhanced CI
aging solution with Native SACM
.
Service modeling for Native SACM
In the CI Topology widget, for users having the 
Service modeling
 permission in their user roles, the 
Related CIs
 window is
open for editing with the service modeling feature. See 
Service modeling
.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
62
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.