Virtual Agent (Chatbot) -- Beta 2018.02
 package from the 
Micro Focus
 
ITOM Marketplace
. For more information about how
to install and integrate the SMA Virtual Agent, refer to the PDF document that's included in this package.
2017.11
In earlier releases, Service Management Automation uses Service Manager as the Service Management module. This release
introduces an "X platform", which can be used as a replacement of Service Manager. During the suite installation, customers
have the option to choose either the Service Manager option or the X platform option, which are referred to as "Service
Management Automation SM (SMA-SM)" and "Service Management Automation X (SMAX)", respectively.
SMAX offers the following benefits:
Container-based delivery
Provides customers true choice via a modern foundation to build and deploy advanced IT solutions—that can run in any
environment. Through advanced data management capabilities, customers get flexibility coupled with complete control of
their data sovereignty.
Runs on the public cloud with auto scaling
Offers the ability to install and work with SMAX instances deployed on the Amazon Web Services ecosystem, providing
customers with greater flexibility in how they run and store their applications and data. Additionally, customers can enable
auto scaling at both the node level and pod level. For more information, see 
Auto scaling
.
Codeless and version-less configuration
Accelerates onboarding and reduces Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) through automated upgrades giving customers almost
instant access to new features and capabilities.
Modern user experience
Gives the consumer the simplest service experience driven by analytics and automation.
A native mobile application complements the web service portal with a streamlined, native interface that focuses on key
tasks that need to be managed on the go.
Virtual agents provide automated assistance with integrated live-chat or email to enhance continuous customer support.
Social collaboration features, including the ability to vote, translation on the fly, and "ask a friend" and survey options that
help end-users source answers from the community and enhance end-user autonomy.
Multi-tenant support
Provides industry-leading multi-tenancy and high scalability, with deployment flexibility across on-premises and cloud for
global and regional Managed Service Providers.
Additional enterprise applications
Adds the following analytics-based applications to the existing catalog of service management applications:
operational project management
human resource workflow
application and service portfolio management
financial tracking
ideation and proposal management.
Change and Hot Topics Analytics
Uses industry-leading 
IDOL
 analytics to improve change management and service agents.
Enhanced Smart Ticketing Analytics
Features an Optical Character Recognition and machine learning system to accept and route service requests.
Apply simple suite update
You can now check for suite updates on Docker Hub and apply the updates to your suite environment.
Install from a backup
You can now use a backup of an existing environment to set up a replicated environment. During the installation process, the
suite installer allows you to select either a new installation or an installation based on backed up data from an existing
deployment. Note that this feature requires that both CDF and the suite in the two environments be the same version and
patch level.
Enhanced database support
This release adds support of external PostgreSQL for UCMDB.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
133
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.