Before you begin
To orchestrate and manage resources efficiently, the suite uses Kubernetes as the platform to provide a reliable approach to
scheduling resources and empower the application to be more fault-tolerant. Cloud-native Kubernetes platforms make
the provisioning and management of Kubernetes much easier. With the cloud-native Kubernetes, the suite can serve
customers in a secure, resilient, and simple way.
On Azure, the cloud-native Kubernetes solution is Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS).
Reference architecture
The following reference architecture provides an overview of the process of deploying the suite on AKS.
Benefits of using AKS
AKS provides the following benefits:
There are no more control plane nodes. The cluster has a guaranteed SLA provided by Azure at a lower cost.
Managed worker nodes require a lower operational cost of cluster management.
Cloud-native services are leveraged as much as possible to ease the management experience and reduce operational cost
Azure Container Registry (ACR) is used as container image storage;
Azure NetApp Files/Azure Files and Azure Disks are used as persistent storage for the suite product.
Components
SMA
: the suite product shipped and running in the form of containers and managed by Kubernetes.
Kubernetes
: open-source software that allows you to deploy and manage containerized applications at scale.
Bastion node
: a node that sits in a public subnet. It's used to connect to resources in a private subnet (such as
Kubernetes, databases, and storage) to perform tasks such as deployment, persistent volume setup, database setup,
upgrade, and troubleshooting.
Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)
: a fully managed service provided by Azure. Once provisioned, the service is ready to
work as a Kubernetes platform for you.
Azure NetApp Files (ANF)
: a managed NFS service that stores data such as search engine storage, attachments,
certificates, and logs used by containerized applications in Kubernetes. The storage is called Persistent Volume (PV) in
Kubernetes.
Azure Files Premium and Azure Disks
: as an alternative to ANF, 
Azure Files Premium
 is a managed Server
Message Block (SMB) service that stores data attachments, certificates, and logs used by containerized applications in
Kubernetes; 
Azure Disks 
offers high-performance and highly durable block storage for search engine and RabbitMQ. The
storage is called Persistent Volume (PV) in Kubernetes.
Database
 
(self-hosted)
: stores transactional data and metadata used by containerized applications in Kubernetes.
Azure Container Registry (ACR)
: a managed Docker registry service that's secure, scalable, and reliable. The suite
applications are shipped as container images, which are stored in an ACR.
Load Balancer
: used to route traffic from external to internal applications deployed on Kubernetes. Load balancers
triggered from the Kubernetes service are able to discover the backend worker node change and always fit into the latest
status of the worker node pool.
Application Gateway
: used to route traffic from external to internal applications deployed on Kubernetes; meanwhile, it
comes with layer 7 load balancing features like SSL offloading.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
991
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.