Description - A detailed description of the change
Service - What service is driving the change (the change might affect multiple services, but which one is the primary
reason we need the change made)
Justification - A detailed explanation of why we need to make the change
The agent may also specify the time which they think the change should be performed although they may change the actual
time later in the workflow.
During the next phase, 'Classification', the agent specifies the impact of the change on the existing service. They also need to
categorize the change and set the group responsible for ensuring the change process is followed. The agent may also specify
any configuration items (devices, system elements, etc.) that will be involved in the change.
Once the agent specifies this information, they can move the change forward into the 'Planning' step.
Planning
The 'Planning' step involves gathering all the information needed to make the change and having this information validated
and approved by the relevant stakeholders. This step starts in the 'Plan' phase, where the agent needs to specify the overall
plan for the change, including:
Implementation plan - How the change will be performed
Remediation plan - What steps should be taken if the implementation plan fails
Risk - The risk to our IT infrastructure due to the change being performed. This is a combination of how important the
affected services are to the infrastructure, how difficult the change is to make, how often this change has failed in the
past, and other considerations
Owner - The person who will manage the change through the overall process (not necessarily the person who will make
the physical changes happen)
Scheduled start and end dates
The agent may also determine whether this change needs to go through the 'Build and test' phase later in the process.
Changes that have been performed numerous times and have a well-understood process (yet still need to go through the full
approval process) might skip this step.
After this information is complete, the agent can move the change to the 'Approve plan' phase. In this phase, the stakeholders
will either approve or reject the change based on the specified plan. As we will see later, this isn't the final go/no-go approval.
Rather, this is the overall approval that this change should happen and the planning is sufficient. The actual approval to deploy
the change and start execution comes later. The Change Advisory Board (CAB) and other relevant stakeholders (such as the
owner of the service being affected and the change owner) need to approve the plan in order for the change to move forward.
Once the plan has been approved, the change enters either the 'Build and test' phase if necessary, or goes directly to the
'Approve deployment' phase.
For those changes that need the 'Build and test' phase, the owner of the change coordinates the process with the individuals
needed to complete the entire change. This is often done using tasks, which we have seen before and will look at in more
detail later in this chapter. During the 'Build and test phase', the owner validates (or modifies) the change implementation and
remediation plans. After they validate the plans, the owner moves the change into the 'Approve deployment' phase.
In the 'Approve deployment' phase, the CAB and relevant stakeholders give the final approval or rejection of the overall
change. This includes the updated plan and the actual scheduling of the change. Once the change is approved, it moves to the
'Deployment' step.
Deployment
Once we’re done with planning and scheduling the change, the actual work takes place during the 'Deployment' step.
Primarily, the work is done in the 'Execute' phase. For most changes, the actual work will be defined in a task plan, with tasks
assigned out to one or more agents that will perform the work. It's the job of the change owner to ensure the tasks are
performed in the order that they defined during the planning step. Service Management Automation X gives the change owner
a view into the overall status of the tasks.
When all the tasks are completed, the Change moves into the next phase, depending on the outcome of the 'Execute' phase. If
the change completes successfully, it moves to the next step of the process which is the 'Validation' step. Specifically, it
moves into the 'CMDB Update' phase of the 'Validation' step.
If the change was unsuccessful, it moves into the 'Remediate' step, where the change owner (and any other agents he needs
to pull into the process) follows the remediation plan to back out any changes that need to be reversed. Once complete, the
change is moved into the 'Validation' step, but in this case, it moves directly to the 'Review' phase.
Validation
When a successful change moves into the 'Validation' step, it begins in the 'CMDB Update' phase. Here, the change owner
updates the details for any configuration items that were modified either directly in the SACM module, or in an external CMDB.
Once complete they can then move the change into the final phase, 'Review'. The owner sets the final completion code that
specifies the outcome of the change and enters the results of their review. Once this is complete they may close the change,
ending the change management process.
Standard Change Workflow
Standard changes are types of changes that are well understood, considered relatively low risk, happen frequently, and follow
an approved, documented process. These are the changes that our specialists think they can perform in their sleep (and
sometimes I’m worried they do).
So it shouldn’t come as a surprise that the primary difference in the standard and normal change workflows is in the 'Planning'
step.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
211
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.