Gmail Integration
Introduction
Service Management Automation X provides an email integration that may be used to request appropriate knowledge articles,
create requests, add comments, and accept solutions to existing requests. The email integration uses the On-Premises Bridge
to connect to an external inbox to process incoming emails. This document describes how to configure Gmail as the external
inbox to use with the Service Management Automation X email integration.
This chapter will include:
Configuring the Gmail account
Determining where to install the On-Premises Bridge (OPB)
Downloading the OPB configuration file
Downloading the OPB installation binary
Installing the OPB
Adding the Gmail addresses email integration credentials to the OPB
Creating and configuring the email integration endpoint on Service Management Automation X
Troubleshooting issues
Configuring the Gmail account
The Service Management Automation X email integration uses 
IMAP
 to communicate with the remote email server. By default,
Gmail disables the ability to connect using IMAP, so IMAP must be enabled in the Gmail account settings. To enable IMAP,
access the Gmail settings and select the Forwarding and POP/IMAP menu. Select the Enable IMAP Button and then save the
settings.
 
 
The IMAP protocol allows Service Management Automation X to move emails from the inbox to other folders once they have
been processed. By default, emails successfully processed are moved into a folder named ‘Processed’, while emails that have
an issue with being processed are moved into a folder named ‘Errors.’ These folders must be created in Gmail and will appear
in the list of folders. Once the folders are created and IMAP is enabled, the configuration of the Gmail account is complete. ​
Determining where to install the OPB
The On-Premises Bridge must be installed on a machine that has access to both the Gmail server and the Service Management
Automation X tenant at all times. 
Micro Focus
 recommends against installing the agent on laptops or machines that are not
actively maintained for consistent uptime. The firewall on the machine must allow the agent to connect to ports 993 and 465
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
371
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.