Here you can see a Hot Topic “map” that represents common terms used to create new support requests. While the colors
are simply there to separate the terms (and look pretty), the size of each colored area represents the number of requests
using these terms — which the system also displays numerically.
We can add filters to narrow down the request to only analyze those for a specific service, time range, or even just those
in a particular phase. We can also type in search terms (in the search box on the top) to narrow down the analysis even
more. For example, I could type in “iPhone” and see what kind of requests are coming in related to iPhones, even though
we don’t officially support them in any of our services. If I see a huge box labeled “Email”, maybe I need to think about
supporting company email on iPhones.
You can also click on a colored box to just see the related requests in the list on the right-hand side. Oh, and it’s hard to
see in just a screenshot, but in some of the boxes (like the top left in this example), you can see some very faded text
behind the main text. If you click on this box, it will show a further breakdown of records in that group.
One note, sometimes when you break down a category the total number of records in the multiple categories might add
up to more than the total shown on the original box you clicked on. That is because a record might belong to more than
one box in the Hot Topics Analytics map. Here there might be a record that fit into both of the subdivisions inside of our
original box. Just remember that the displayed numbers represent the records that fit in each box, not the total number of
records.
So how do we use this information? Well, we can investigate specific boxes on the map (and we should focus on the
largest boxes first) and see if there is a common question or theme in the included requests. Remember that when we
select a box, we will see the requests that fit in that box on the list on the right-hand side of the screen.
If I scan that list and see a common theme, I’ll check to see if we have any service offering or knowledge on that theme
already (I can search the system using the global search tool without having to leave the Hot Topic Analytics screen to
check for this). If we don’t, I can create one or the other from this screen. Check the boxes next to the appropriate
requests and click the 'Create Article' or 'Create Support Offering' (you can change this to a service offering during the
actual create process if you want). This will take us to the create screen where we can fill in all the information, but notice
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
184
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.