You can run the CDF pre-check script standalone or offline, ensuring that your environment meets important prerequisites
before you proceed with download and deployment steps. For details, see 
Run a precheck before you install
.
During installation, you have the option to turn on an 
Auto-fill
 button to let the installer automatically configure the
NFS/EFS volumes for you.
Miscellaneous changes
Cluster node roles (Master, Worker) are now displayed on the kube-status script (for example, 
kubectl get nodes
).
The certificate renewal script allows for more flexibility. Certificates can now be renewed after they have expired without
restarting the cluster. Certificate validity (by default, 1 year) can also be customized based on the customer's policy.
2019.05
SMAX 2019.05 introduces the following new features and enhancements.
Smart virtual agent
This release includes a natural language understanding (NLU) based SMAX virtual agent (Chatbot) that can help to improve the
productivity of IT agents. End users can chat with the virtual agent in the SMAX Service Portal with natural language. The
virtual agent combines Rasa with IDOL to understand the end users' intentions and find the best matching intent predefined to
provide either related answers or catalog offerings as responses.
For more information, see 
Virtual agent settings
.
Modular package management
The Dev2Prod process now supports granular synchronization of configuration data from one SMAX tenant to another (for
example, from your development tenant to production tenant). You can synchronize the configuration data of desired entities
of one or more modules from a source tenant to a target tenant. The source and target tenants can belong to the same SMAX
system or two different systems, and can have the same tenant type or different tenant types (development, production, trial,
and so on). For more information, see
 Dev2Prod - Synchronize your development and production tenants
.
Support of entity links in user options
This feature enables you to create user options that act as entity links to expose data from SMAX tables in supported record
types: Request, Incident, Change, and Release. For more information, see 
Use entity links in user options
.
Scheduled reports
With a preset schedule, SMAX can regularly generate certain reports and send them to a group of recipients through emails.
For more information, see 
Scheduled reports
.
Deployment on Google Cloud
The suite can now be deployed on Google Cloud in a demo or production environment. The following functions are supported:
Google Kubernetes Engine cluster can be easily created and managed from Google Cloud Console.
NFS Filestore can be subscribed as a storage solution with high performance and availability.
PostgreSQL can be used to implement a solution to backup, restoration, monitoring, migration, and disaster recovery.
Additional database support
PostgreSQL 10.x and 9.6x are supported for SMA in this release.
Service Portal enhancements
The accessibility of the Service Portal is enhanced to improve the usability for all users:
Enhance keyboard navigation with consistent and meaningful sequence
Enhance labels, instructions and relationships for better screen reader support
You are now able to add embedded JavaScript to Service Portal.
You are now able to sort the knowledge articles within category by 
Last update time
 on Service Portal.
You are now able to search for the requests on Service Portal. The request search isn't only available in the request
tracking page, but also available in the global search.
Enhanced custom request tracking tab: The custom tab extends self-service capabilities by providing a company or
corporate level view of requests for selected administrative roles. Requests can be filtered and sorted in the grid columns,
and data can be exported to a predefined Excel template. The custom tab is available to users with an administrator-
defined role, and the data to be displayed in the grid can be controlled with request meta-phase and DSL expression. In
this release, you can define 3 custom tabs at maximum.
Suite Administration enhancements
Unit-based licensing option: Suite Administration now supports uploading and allocating a unit license. With a unit license,
you have the flexibility of allocating the license capacity to different combinations of concurrent users and named users.
The 
User auto-sync
 setting is introduced in the account setting page to enable or disable automatic user
synchronization.
The LDAP configuration interface in the 
Authentication
 tab of the account page is improved. In addition, now after you
configure an LDAP or SAML IdP authentication, you can click 
Validate
 to check if the user synchronization is configured
correctly or not.
You can now use the 
Lock user
 or 
Unlock user
 button to lock or unlock a user. A user locking API is also available.
You can now customize the maximum size and file type allowlist of attachments submitted by users in a tenant under
Tenant Details
.
Data export enhancement
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
127
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.