Evolving to SMAX
The expectations of both the business and the end-users have around the service desk have changed. As a result of
organizations moving towards digitization, and the way in which users engage with technology and services in non-work
contexts, there has been a shift in how employees and IT work together. However, this new synergy brings requirements that
a classically deployed, stable legacy service management architecture cannot easily meet. As your organization
considers a digital transformation strategy that will enable it to operate with greater ease, efficiency, productivity, and overall
agility, and to keep users happy and engaged, your IT service management processes must adopt these modern capabilities. 
We will help you achieve that when transitioning to SMAX. This documentation will focus on the evolution process when
coming from the Service Manager, but the approach is general enough that with small modifications it can be used for any
existing service management application.
In this section, you will find guidance, best practices, and checklists for evolving to SMAX. The overall direction of the evolution
process is similar to that of a new implementation, so it is highly recommended to follow overall guidelines and steps from the
Implementation Checklist
 in the Key concepts guide.
The biggest change from a new SMAX implementation is that much of the data needed already exists in the current service
management system. The Evolving to SMAX documentation focuses on this existing data, as well as specific differences
regarding this data between the two products. The following sections will provide guidance and best practices on dealing with
this existing documentation and how it can be best integrated into the new SMAX implementation:
Before you start
Evolving from Service Manager
Differences from Service Manager
Collecting Environment Information
Core Data and the SMA Evolution Toolkit
SMAX/SM Dual Mode
The Service Catalog
Knowledge Articles
Reporting Options
Using Software Asset Management in SMAX
Best Practices
Working with Forms
Enhancing Workflow with Models
Request vs. Incident
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
236
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.