Inter-communication between components
The Kubernetes cluster, databases, and storage are kept in a private subnet, while other components such as the load
balancer and bastion node are in a public subnet. For information about why public and private subnets are separated,
see the "Architecture design considerations" section below.
The load balancer works as the entrance of external traffic. It's usually bound with the site's SMA URL (for
example 
https://serviceportal.microfocus.com
). Once end users open the URL in their browsers or mobile apps, after DNS
resolution, the load balancer routes traffic from external applications to applications in the private subnet.
DevOps engineers connect to the bastion node in a public subnet and then jump to the private network for cluster
management. The bastion node in this scenario works as a Kubernetes client, database client, or NFS client for operation
purposes.
The applications reside inside the Kubernetes cluster in the private subnet. It uses ANF/Azure Files as its Persistent
Volume and self-built database as its database, which are also in the private subnet.
Architecture design considerations
Security
By separating the public and private subnets, the network infrastructure is able to provide:
An additional layer of security.
Independent routing tables configured for every private subnet to control the flow of traffic within and outside the
Azure VNet.
All OMT and suite components are located in the private subnet. NO direct Internet access is allowed.
Employee Self-Service (ESS) users and IT agents can only connect to the specified ports (for example: 443) for business
purposes. A typical traffic path is:
End user/IT agent <-> Load balancer (public subnet) <-> AKS worker nodes (private subnet)
DevOps engineers can connect to the bastion node in a public subnet and then jump to the private network for cluster
management. Only a limited number of users can access the bastion node. A typical traffic path is:
DevOps engineer <-> Bastion node (public subnet) <-> AKS cluster or NFS or DB (private subnet)
Availability
The control plane nodes and worker nodes are managed by AKS with a target SLA.
An Azure Application Gateway and load balancer distribute the traffic across different worker nodes.
Azure NetApp Files/Azure Files & Azure Disks provide storage access for different worker nodes.
[Optional] Additional load balancer in front of SMAX
According to your organization's network/security requirements, you may need to setup an additional load balancer in front of
SMAX.
Please enable websocket on the additional load balancer if you have installed one.
Personas
The installation process in a production environment involves different roles in your organization. For example, IT
administrators manage physical or virtual machines for production use, and the person who will install the suite needs to
request machines from an IT administrator, who will help prepare the requested machines. Typically the involved roles include:
Role
Responsibility
Suite
administrator
The person with this role has to ensure the success of the entire installation including verification and
post-installation tasks. This person must have a good understanding of the entire installation process,
request support from other appropriate roles as needed, and complete the installation once the
environment is ready for installation.
Cloud
administrator
The person with this role manages resources on Azure. This person grants permissions and changes
roles from the Azure portal.
IT
administrator
The person with this role prepares physical or virtual machines as requested by the Suite Admin.
Network
administrator
The person with this role manages network-related configuration for your organization. This person
needs to perform network configuration tasks as requested by the Suite Admin.
Storage
administrator
The person with this role plans and deploys all types of storage for your organization. This person
needs to set up volumes required by the suite.
Database
administrator
The person with this role prepares and configures databases for your organization. This person needs
to manage databases as requested by the Suite Admin.
Kubernetes
Cluster
administrator
The person with this role manages Kubernetes for your organization. This person needs to create and
manage the Kubernetes cluster as requested by the Suite Admin.
Server
administrator
The person with this role performs server-related tasks for your organization. This person needs to
build and configure the bastion node.
Directory
Services
administrator
The person with this role manages directory services for your organization. This person needs to import
IDM metadata.
Security
administrator
The person with this role manages security-related tasks for your organization. This person needs to
prepare certificates and key pairs.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
992
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.