Support matrix
This release introduces the following changes.
Operating systems: starting from this release, RHEL 8.6 and Oracle Linux 8.6 are additionally supported, and RHEL/Oracle
Linux 8.2 and 8.3 are no longer supported.
Databases: 
Support for AWS RDS m6g
. For EKS deployment, this release supports AWS RDS m6g, which consumes less CPU
and has a lower cost than m5. Note that for CMS, you still need to use m5. 
Support for Azure Flexible Server
. For AKS deployment, this release supports Azure Database for PostgreSQL
Flexible Server as a fully managed PostgreSQL service. You can easily provision an Azure flexible server from the
Azure portal, rather than follow the complicated steps to set up self-hosted PostgreSQL databases on Azure VMs. 
Deprecation of self-hosted PostgreSQL on Azure VMs
. This method is deprecated and might be obsoleted in a
future release. You can continue to use it in an upgraded environment, but you need to use Azure flexible server
instead for new installations. 
Deprecation of PostgreSQL 10
. PostgreSQL 10 is deprecated and its support might be discontinued in a future
release.
Deprecation of internal PostgreSQL
. The PostgreSQL service embedded in the suite is deprecated and might be
removed from the product code in a future release.
Kubernetes versions
Embedded Kubernetes: 1.23 for on-premises deployment using the K8S distribution embedded in OMT
Managed Kubernetes: 1.22 for EKS, AKS, GCP, or OpenShift deployment using a managed K8S distribution
Integration: The SMAX-UCMDB integration through OPB is deprecated and might be removed in a future release. Existing
customers can continue to use it, but the support might be discontinued in a future release. Instead of OPB, we highly
recommend that you use Native SACM to integrate SMA and UCMDB. 
OMT installation and upgrade packages
This release uses the following package names:
OMT2205-<build>-15001-Embedded-K8s.zip
OMT2205-<build>-15001-External-K8s.zip
Monitoring capability
The monitoring capability is now enabled by default when you install OMT with the embedded Kubernetes. 
Terminology changes
This release introduces the following terminology changes:
The component formerly known as Container Deployment Foundation (CDF) is now referred to as OPTIC Management
Toolkit (OMT). 
The following terms are used to refer to different distributions of Kubernetes:
Embedded Kubernetes/K8s: used when referring to deployments using 
Micro Focus
 shipped Kubernetes. 
Managed Kubernetes/K8s: used when referring to deployments with Kubernetes that are documented and fully
supported by 
Micro Focus
. 
BYOK: used when referring to deployments with any CNCF certified Kubernetes distribution (such as Rancher or
OKD), which customers may have standardized on. Currently, BYOK deployments are not yet supported. 
External Kubernetes/K8s: used when referring to Managed Kubernetes or BYOK deployments for the purpose of
documentation or packaging.
Note that these changes are not applied to earlier releases.
2021.11
Service Management
This release introduces the following new feature for Service Management.
Automatic creation of retroactive changes
For 
Device
 and 
System Element
 record types, you can first enable retroactive change detection in Studio, set up business
rules that allow for automatic creation of retroactive changes, then make a schedule so that retroactive changes can be
created periodically. See 
Retroactive changes
.
Asset Management
This release introduces the following new features or enhancements for Asset Management.
AMX license
This release supports a new license type of Asset Management. With an Asset Management license, you can use SMAX in the
Asset Management experience mode. See 
AMX license
 and 
Use Asset Management
.
Software Asset Management (SAM)
To reduce manual effort, you can now have the product versions that are newly discovered upon a synchronization
automatically linked to the existing upgrade and downgrade matrix. See 
Automatically build the compatibility matrix
.
Besides manually linking license rules for each product version, you can now configure a default license rule for all
versions of the product in one go. See 
Configure license rules for a product
.
The filter widget in SAM now includes more filter options, and the widget behavior is aligned with that of other modules in
the suite.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
108
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.