Differences from Service Manager
New users of SMAX often start their implementation with the expectation that it's simply a new version of Service Manager. While
SMAX incorporated lessons learned from decades of ITSM experience, it was created with a completely new way of looking at the
processes, user interactions, and overall experiences.
SMAX focuses on the organization's ability to provide services to end users, and is proactive in solving end user issues versus
managing IT "tickets". For new users (and administrators), some adjustment to the old mindset and approach will be
necessary. This doesn't mean that the old mindset or approach is "wrong", but simply that it doesn't apply to SMAX.
This document will investigate some of the concepts that are markedly different between SMAX and Service Manager. While
not every difference can be reviewed in detail, we will concentrate on areas pointed out by real customers of both products.
Concept changes
Service based support
One of the primary differences between SMAX and other solutions is that it was designed around services. The most important
step of a successful SMAX implementation is defining the business and infrastructure services that make up your company's IT
portfolio.
Service Definitions
The ITIL process documentation defines an IT Service as "a service provided to one or more customers by an IT service
provider." In the real world, it means that any subject of a call, email, or portal request from an end user that IT supports is
part of an IT Service. By clearly defining these services, the IT department can accurately and succinctly define the supported
processes around these services. This will result in a much higher (and faster) return on the investment made in implementing
SMAX.
By creating the list of supported IT Services, the number of calls or emails pertaining to issues that the Service Desk has no
control over is lowered. This still leaves those requests that might be related to an IT Service that are simply not under the
control of IT. In order to inform the end users about what's available through the Service Desk, as well as to better control and
categorize incoming requests, SMAX allows the definition of specific Offerings under an IT Service. These Offerings make up
what's known as the Service Catalog -- literally a listing of everything the IT Service Desk supports.
Service Catalog
Micro Focus
 designed the Service Catalog around the service definitions (as the name would suggest). Think about the
catalog as the menu that end users use to "consume" the defined services. And if the users are ordering from a menu, the IT
agents are in the kitchen working to fulfill these requests.
Creating a complete service catalog can be one of the more time-consuming parts of a SMAX implementation. And as the IT
department changes and takes on more responsibilities, the number of service definitions and associated offerings will
continue to grow. The Service Catalog should be thought of as a living thing, and change should be expected (and even
embraced).
Categorization and the search focused end portal
One of the most visible differences between the End User Portal in Service Manager and SMAX is in the categorization
hierarchy of the Service Catalog. While the Service Manager catalog allows multiple layers of categorization, SMAX has only
three levels of navigation. These levels are:
Category -> Service Definition -> Offering
The flattened structure of the SMAX Service Catalog makes it easier for both the administrators and the end users to
determine where a specific offering should reside. However, navigating the categories and service definitions manually isn't
the most efficient way for an end user to find what they are looking for.
The End User Portal was designed with search as the primary method for users to find the correct Offering. A single search will
return both Offerings and Knowledge Articles that most reflect what the user is looking for.
For more detailed information about working with the Service Catalog, see 
Services and the Service Catalog
.  
How do I do "X" in SMAX?
Create multiple workflows for incidents
Processes within SMAX use a pre-defined workflow or set of workflows to create and track records using that specific process.
You can configure these workflows to fit specific requirements not included in the out-of-box definitions, but you can't add new
workflows within the processes.
The use of only the existing workflows enforces commonality to the records within a process. This results in easier integrations,
consistency in reporting, the ability to use a common set of performance indicators, and allows the use of common views.
You can modify existing workflows by adding new phases within the defined set of steps (also called meta-phases). Those
phases will be used by every record within the associated process.
In Service Manager, administrators often add categories to display unique fields, add business logic, add approvals, or add
tasks. In SMAX, this same functionality can be added by using models.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
239
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.