Enable IaC Gateway in HCMX
The services that enable the functionality of IaC Gateway (IaCGw) are shipped with the ESM platform. IaC Gateway
gives customers who are developing Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using Terraform the ability to store Terraform state files in
ESM’s database. Storing these state files in ESM’s database gives Operation teams and other users of the ESM platform
visibility into Terraform deployments in three ways:
First, through subscriptions that get created based on Terraform state files
Second, cost estimation through a third-party provider
Third, if Native SACM is enabled, through the ability to see realized CI Topologies in CMS and in the Native SACM UI based
on those state files that contain cloud resources. If a customer has the ability to run Universal Discovery, further
enhancements and enrichment to those CI Topologies will be made.
This topic describes the following:
How to enable IaC Gateway in HCMX
How to configure your Terraform configuration file to leverage HCMX in ESM as a Terraform State backend
How to use the IaCGw "Request On Behalf" functionality
How to configure an out-of-the-box report that leverages subscriptions created by IaC Gateway
CMS prerequisite steps if Native SACM is enabled
How to enable a third-party cost integration that can provide a cost estimation based on your Terraform plan
Known issues with IaC Gateway
Enablement of IaC Gateway
You can enable IaCGw by configuring your Terraform configuration file to utilize ESM as the backend to store Terraform state
files through Terraform HTTP backend configuration. Once you have configured a Terraform configuration file to use ESM, the
first instantiation of a Terraform state file being stored in the ESM platform will trigger an underlying automated flow that
creates the scaffolding necessary to create a subscription in ESM based on that state file. The following is the ordered flow that
this process follows:
1
. 
It creates a Category with the name of 
IAC_CATALOG
 if one doesn’t exist by that name.
2
. 
It creates a Service Definition with the name of 
IAC_SERVICE_DEFINTION
 if one doesn’t already exist by that name.
3
. 
It creates and publishes a Service Design with the name of 
IAC_SERVICE_DESIGN
 if one doesn’t exist by that name.
4
. 
It creates an Offering with the name of 
IaC Terraform Offering
 if one doesn’t exist by that name. This offering is based
on the aggregated service design in step 3 above.
The Offering is configured with a status of 
Unpublished
 and has the Service Desk Group and Expert Group fields set to
the value of 
ECAB Group
 to enable subscription requests to be processed automatically.
5
. 
On successful Terraform state save and creation of a request, a Subscription is created based on the Terraform State file. 
6
. 
If Native SACM has been enabled within ESM, once a subscription has been created, a representative CMS topology
is created based on the resources from the Terraform plan.
Enablement of IaCGw as Terraform state backend
IaCGw supports the Terraform HTTP backend specification, so you can configure IaCGw as the state backend for a Terraform
plan file. Below is an example of the required block within a terraform state file, and an explanation of each of the fields of the
required HTTP backend configuration, which you must specify in a Terraform plan to enable integration with IaCGw.
Important 
The Offering Status is intentionally set to 
Unpublished
 to prevent the accidental ordering of
the offering by a subscriber in the Service Portal and to prevent an agent from issuing requests for this
offering in the Agent Interface. Changing the Offering Status to something other than Unpublished can result
in unexpected behavior when users directly interact with the Offering to create a request through the Service
Portal or Agent Interface.


Important 
 All interactions through a Request (Create, Modify, and Cancel) with the Offering and/or
subscription should be done through the Terraform CLI and a Terraform state file configured to use IaC as its
backend (which will be discussed later), or through direct integration with IaCGw APIs.


Note
This feature is still evolving and doesn't support some CIs and relationships.
If you change the name of the category, service definition, service design, or offering after it has been
created, the next 
Terraform apply
 operation will result in the recreation of the item with the expected
name.


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
499
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.