The access permissions for 
<CDF root>/data
 have been set such that a regular user can't view/change sensitive information
when browsing the 
<CDF root>
 installation directories. Execution permissions for Kubernetes and other tools and processes
have also been restricted.
Node local storage access 
Containers can access node local storage directly only if the container is configured to use host path storage.
External NFS volume security
Containers persist data on multiple shared volumes. The supported storage backend for these shared volume is NFS or Ceph.
Suite installations will request additional volumes to separate configuration from logs from databases.
Squashing for NFS
For NFS, root user access is squashed to a particular user and group. The user ID and group ID will be 1999 and 1999 resp.
This uid and gid are defined/used inside the container image and may also be present in Pod specifications in the
securityContext section.
Because of the required root_squash option to anonuid/anongid for the NFS mount pints, access to the NFS volumes must be
restricted using firewall rules so that only mount and access requests from cluster nodes will succeed.
Refer to the Suite installation/administration guide for configuration details.
Image security
Image scanning
All Micro Focus images (including the open source 3
rd
 party images) are scanned for vulnerabilities and malware.
This scanning occurs a 1
st
 time during the CI/CD (continuous integration / continuous delivery) process that's integrated into
our development process.
This scanning occurs and 2
nd
 time during the signing process when the images are uploaded to Docker Hub. See Image
signing.
Image signing
All Micro Focus images (including the open source 3
rd
 party images) are digitally signed when uploaded into Docker Hub. At
this time the images are rescanned for malware.
Micro Focus uses the standard Docker Notary process and server to sign and store the image signatures.
Image signature checking
The image signatures can be checked when the images are downloaded from Docker Hub and before they're pushed into the
customer’s local registry.
The downloadimages.sh script has a -c|--content-trust parameter which when set to ‘on’ will verify the image signature of all
the downloaded images with the Docker Notary server (
https://notary.docker.io
).
 
inadvertently create major issues. Root access should be limited to select administrative actions only.
Note
The default user and group IDs are uid 1999 and gid 1999. This can be changed if the uid/gid values conflict with
existing user accounts and groups on the cluster nodes.


Note
The malware scanning occurs on Micro Focus’ servers and isn't a feature of Docker Notary.


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
425
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.