OO capabilities
The key features of Operations Orchestration (OO) are the following:
Helps you keep, troubleshoot, and repair your resources.
Checks the health of, diagnose, and repair the networks, servers, software applications, and workstations.
Helps you to perform repetitive tasks, such as checking status on internal or external website pages.
Enables element automation, run book automation, integrated automation, and automation of the business services.
Offers an intuitive drag and wire capability to design, create, share, and customize flows.
Powerful execution mechanism, which enables high performance. You can scale OO Central to reach high numbers of
steps per second.
Offers interactive execution and user interface (UI) embedding capabilities, which enable you to interact with the system
in a much more usable fashion.
OO Central
OO Central is the runtime environment of OO. You can deploy it using the OO Helm Chart. It has a web based user interface
(UI), that the administrators and end users can access. You can use OO Central for running flows, monitoring the various runs,
and generating reports.
OO Central has the following features:
Flow Execution
: OO Central offers execution capabilities for the deployed flows. Use a web based UI for executing the
flows. The execution capabilities include browsing the flow library, launching an execution, and tracking that execution
until its end.
OO Administration
: OO Central offers administrators the means to manage the administration of OO from the system
and operational perspectives. It covers areas such as setting permissions, defining system components, configuring LDAP,
and more.
Engine
: The engine works behind the scenes of Central. This is the back end component that processes and manages the
entire flow execution. The engine manages the step execution, persistency, and manual interaction with the users.
Scheduler
: OO Central includes an out-of-the-box scheduler. This enables the OO administrator to define various
recurrence patterns for flow executions, to track, and manage them.
Internal OO RAS
The internal OO RAS gets deployed automatically for each OO Central tenant in a tight coupling framework during the tenant
deployment process. Note that for each Central tenant there is a corresponding out of the box RAS deployed.
OO Workflow Designer
OO Workflow Designer is a web based environment for authoring flows. OO Workflow designer is available as a standalone
product that you can deploy either on a Windows or Linux server. Flows are authored in the CloudSlang language and run in
OO Central.
OO Workflow Designer has the following features:
Web based UI
: OO Workflow Designer offers web access, which minimizes time to value and allows for simple
management.
Hybrid authoring interface- Textual and graphical
: OO Workflow Designer offers a graphical interface on top of the
CloudSlang textual language. Every graphical change is immediately reflected in the underlying source code. The source
code is visible from the OO Workflow Designer UI and you can control this source code in a 
GIT
 repository.
Collaboration using GIT
: OO Workflow Designer allows collaboration using Git. This means that different authors
(Central IT, line of business, operator, or application developer) can contribute to the authoring, while they can each work
using their preferred tool. This can be either the OO Workflow Designer in which the authoring is graphical or via 
ATOM
with the CloudSlang plugin which allows authoring the source files directly in a textual manner.
Enhanced usability
: OO Workflow Designer and CloudSlang offer enhanced usability for authoring flows, with features
such as default errors, sensitive system properties, decisions, input bindings, and direct deployment to OO Central.
External OO Remote Action Service (RAS)
The OO RAS enables execution in remote data centers and networks. The RAS interacts with Central and polls it for operations
to execute.
If you set up the RAS to start the connection, you need to open ports for inbound communication only in Central. To
achieve high availability of RASes, you simply add another RAS and point it to Central.
In addition, the RASes support a grouping mechanism, which enables you to correlate between a step in the flow and the type
of the RASes that can execute this step. Therefore, the binding between the flow steps and the RASes is dynamic.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
145
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.