A customer-issued certificate for customer access can be loaded into this instance.
Refer to the Suite installation/administration documentation for details.
Secure configuration store and cluster-internal certificate issuing
Vault and Kubernetes-vault
OMT uses Hashicorp’s Vault solution to provide:
secure storage of sensitive configuration data
issuing cluster-internal (or external Nginx controller) certificates
Micro Focus leverages the following core functionality:
Generic secret Vault backends to store configuration data.
The data is secured at rest and in-flight.
Vault to component communication is secured using certificates.
PKI backends Vault backends to issue cluster internal certificates.
Vault Approle authentication mechanism for services to access secure configuration data.
For ease of use, the Vault server init and unseal steps happen automatically. The init steps happen at installation time, the
unseal steps occur automatically whenever the server is started.
The Vault root key and unseal shards are stored in ETCD or in Kubernetes secrets (the latter is the Vault backend data store is
NFS).
OMT only supports automatic unseal of the Vault server. This has been added for ease of use. Restrict access to ETCD and
Kubernetes so the Vault root key and unseal shards aren't compromised.
See also: 
https://www.vaultproject.io/
 ; 
https://github.com/Boostport/kubernetes-vault
Kubernetes
Security context for containers
The Kubernetes securityContext is used inside Pod specification to run as a regular non-root user or to elevate privileges where
needed. Elevating privileges is avoided whenever technically possible (*).
securityContext:
  fsGroup: 1999
  runAsGroup: 1999
  runAsNonRoot: true
  runAsUser: 1999
Or:
securityContext:
privileged: true
Cluster-level role-based access control
The OMT embedded Kubernetes cluster runs with RBAC enabled. OMT defines a set of cluster roles/bindings and within a
namespace defines roles/bindings are defined. These are associated to Kubernetes service accounts within the AppHub and
suite namespaces. These service accounts are used by Pods.
For external Kubernetes, Micro Focus expects clusters to run with RBAC enabled.
Storage security
See also: Storage
Node local directory/file access policies
OMT embedded Kubernetes installation
Node local storage can only be accessed by the root users.
Note
Vault itself doesn't have an automatic unseal.


Note
Root user access to cluster nodes must be strictly controlled and limited. With root permissions, users can


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
424
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.