SMA enterprise readiness
This page provides a brief overview of the SMAX enterprise readiness.
Deployment mode
You can deploy SMAX on-premises, in the cloud, or on OpenShift. 
High availability
SMAX can achieve high availability through failure recovery, failover, and load balancing.
Failure recovery
Failure recovery of SMAX follows the restart policy of Kubernetes. The policy is specified as Always, all pods should be
restarted automatically after a failure occurs. As designed in Kubernetes, failed containers are restarted by the kubelet with an
exponential back-off delay (10s, 20s, 40s, and so on) capped at five minutes, and is reset after ten minutes of successful
execution.
Failover
SMAX will fail over a resource to protect against a failed service, for example, when the pod hosting the resource becomes
inactive, or the resources within the pod fail. During a failover process, the service will switch from the failed pod/resource to
another redundant one.
A pod is the smallest deployable object in the Kubernetes object model and it represents a running process on your cluster.
Pods are a model of the pattern of multiple cooperating processes that form a cohesive unit of service. For more information
about each service and its description, see suite common services, Smart Analytics services, SMAX services, and Suite
Administration in 
Service dependency
. You can also find a pod failure recovery time report in Appendix.
Load balancing
In a typical enterprise application architecture, a load balancer in front of application servers increases security, scalability,
and flexibility. SMA uses Nginx as a bundled load balancer to distribute incoming traffic to internal application servers and can
work on a single instance or multiple control plane nodes.
In addition to the bundled load balancer, SMA is also compatible with the external load balancer. As the SMA frontend Ingress
works in the active-standby mode, the external load balancer can only serve as a reverse proxy, forwarding incoming traffic to
the active SMA frontend Ingress. Serving as a reverse proxy, the external load balancer can be configured to work on both
layer 4 (TCP) and layer 7 (HTTPS). 
Scalability
When the suite is deployed on-premises or in the cloud, you can perform manual scaling on certain pods listed in the table in
the Appendix section. 
Backup and restore
You can back up and restore the following data with the utilities and tools provided with the suite:
Configmaps including suite configuration information
Smart Analytics volume including content data and configurations
Global NFS including certificate and attachments users added to Service Management records
For more information about the backup and restore procedures, see 
Back up and restore
.
There are certain limitations on the current backup and restore solution:
The remote global NFS volume and Smart Analytic NFS volume need to be mounted on the control plane node where the
Note
Be sure of the following if you deploy the external load balancer before installing the SMA suite: 
1
. 
Set the FQDN of SMA to that of the load balancer during the OMT installation.
2
. 
Set the target server of the external load balancer to the control plane node, or the virtual IP address of
control plane nodes if deployed with multiple control plane nodes. 
Be sure of the following if you deploy the external load balancer after installing the SMA suite:
1
. 
Set the target server of the external load balancer to SMA's control plane node, or the virtual IP address of
control plane nodes if deployed with multiple control plane nodes.
2
. 
Replace the FQDN of SMA with that of the load balancer.


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
447
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.