Configuring Business Intelligence Synchronization
Introduction
The Business Intelligence (BI Sync) Integration module enables you to define the fields and relationships that are synced for a
record type when integrating with an external business intelligence system. This can help you export your data to a third party
system with different reporting tools. BI Sync exports additional information not currently available in the SMA-X reporting
framework. 
IMPORTANT NOTE:
 
Business Intelligence Synchronization is a resource-intensive feature. This document describes the
specific use case of exporting people and groups to excel using BI Sync so they can be grouped and reported on. BI Sync does
not have the ability to have two sets of configuration. While it might be acceptable to run an initial sync more than once with
low volume entities like people/groups, it would not be a good idea with large volume entities like request/incident. There is
also a monthly quota per tenant that will get used rapidly if a large number of entities are exported consistently.
Use Case
A company named ABC Reporting wants a report that lists all the users and all of the groups they belong to using Microsoft
Excel. Data required selecting in BI Sync to report on groups and group membership:
Person-> Id, Name, Group members.
Group->Id, Name.
Configuration Steps - Summary
1
. 
Add the record types and fields required to generate the desired reports
2
. 
Execute the REST call in order to generate and download the data
3
. 
Load the data into Microsoft Excel
Configuration Steps - Detail
1. Add the record types and fields required to generate the desired reports
BI Sync allows users to export all transactional data available in Service Management Automation X. Select an entity type from
the record type list. Select all the fields that are required, note when the fields are dependent on other entity types an
indicator is next to the field name. All of these entity types will also need selecting. If related records are required these also
need to be included.
Fields required for Groups entity:
Fields required for Person entity:
 
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
289
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.