Increased limit on non-volatile lists
This release increases the maximum number of non-volatile lists from 50 to 200.
Cloud Management
This release introduces the following new features or enhancements for Cloud Management. 
GCP reports
The CGRO capability can generate reports that allow you to drill down and analyze your cloud spend on GCP. See 
GCP reports
.
GCP cloud spend limit
The CGRO capability allows you to define GCP cloud spend limits and send automated alerts when your spend exceeds the
limit. See 
Cloud cost limits
.
GCP cloud spend dashboard
A Cloud Spend Summary dashboard gives you an overview of your cloud spend, such as your total cloud spend, year to date
spend comparison of the previous year and the current year, cloud spend by provider (current year), and historical cloud
spend by provider. See 
GCP reports
.
IaC subscription-based cost reports
You can generate IAC subscription-based reports for different providers, such as "Spend by subscription" and "Spend by user". 
Schedule scale-in and scale-out operations
This feature brings down the cost and saves the budget proactively by using an inbuilt auto-scaling scheduler to reduce the
cluster size and increase it back when required.
Transfer subscription to a new subscriber
You can now transfer cloud subscriptions from one subscriber to another. See 
Transfer subscriptions
.
The out-of-the-box fulfillment task plan for cloud offerings is refactored to support the subscription transfer feature and to
provide more flexible customization capability. The 
Catalog Administrator
 user or the 
Tenant Admin
 user needs to
manually update the task plan for existing cloud offerings. See 
Update task plan
.
Automated service delivery
Service design test using configuration options: This feature increases the quality of the service design and decreases
authoring iterations before offering creation by testing all the lifecycle and user operations through the Configuration option
model.
Terraform Component Template Wizard: this wizard accelerates your service delivery by using templates from 3rd-party
automation tools such as Terraform.
Operations Orchestration (OO) Containerized
This release introduces the following features for OO Containerized.
Expose system-level metrics to Prometheus
You can add monitoring support by exposing Prometheus-style metrics from the most critical OO services (OO Controller, OO
Central, OO Scheduler, OO UI, and OO Downloader). This helps in troubleshooting various aspects inside the cluster like
performance, scalability, and others. See 
Configure values.yaml on-premises
, 
Configure values.yaml on EKS
, 
Configure
values.yaml on AKS
, or 
Configure values.yaml on OpenShift
. 
Scheduler enhancements
This release enhances the scheduler functionality to support editing recurrences and exclusion. See 
Schedule flow runs
.
Application role changes to support OO roles
You can now list and filter roles for OO Containerized by Application as OO in the IdM Admin console. See 
Roles and
permissions in OO Central
.
Audit service
You can deploy the Audit service on the same OMT as a secondary deployment and then enable the audit feature for audit
clients (IdM, SMAX, and CMS). The audit UI then allows authorized users to view audit data triggered by audit events in IdM,
SMAX, and CMS. There're two types of audit data: system-level audits and tenant-level audits. See 
Install the Audit service on-
premises
, 
Install the Audit service on EKS
, 
Enable Audit
, 
Audit UI
, and 
Audit events
.
The Audit service has a resilient design: it retrieves audit data first through REST update and falls back to NFS to ensure no
events are lost. See 
Administer audit files on the audit client NFS server
.
Currently, the Audit service supports deployments in an on-premise environment (with embedded Kubernetes), on AWS, and
on OpenShift.
Miscellaneous
The following are miscellaneous enhancements in this release.  
Microsoft Translator for in-line translation
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
65
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.