Configuration
Example 
Using the same FQDN and different ports for the suite (port
443) and CMS (port other than 443).
Suite:myhost.example-domain.com:443
CMS: myhost.example-domain.com:3443
Note
: the network structure diagram for option 3 uses
this example configuration. 
Note
: Using the same FQDN and the same port (443) for both the suite and CMS isn't supported for option 3. 
Configure load balancers
Follow the instructions below to implement one of the load balancing options described above according to your needs.
Prerequisites
Meet the following prerequisites before you proceed.
Port requirements
: make sure that the following ports are open for load balancing: 5443, 443, and the other port you
need (for example:3443).
Load balancing requirements for CMS:
  
  # Allow websocket connections
proxy_set_header Upgrade $http_upgrade;      
proxy_set_header Connection "upgrade";
SSL requirements
: OMT supports only the following SSL ciphers for inbound connections. Make sure that the external
balancer hosts support at least one of the ciphers listed here.
ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256
ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384
ECDHE-RSA-AES128-SHA256
ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA384
ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256
ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384
ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-SHA256
ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-SHA384
Option1: Configure Load balancers in a DMZ network
Perform the following steps.
Install the Nginx server
Install three Nginx servers on different hosts. For details, see the Nginx documentation. 
Install one Nginx server in the DMZ for the suite and OMT (referred to as 
nginx-smax
). Bind the external access host
name of the suite to the Nginx server IP. This must be the same external access host name that you have configured in
the installation portal UI (see 
Select deployment configuration
).
Install one Nginx server in the DMZ for CMS (referred to as 
nginx-cms
). 
Install one Nginx server in a private network for integration (referred to as 
nginx-integration
).
Prepare certificates for each Nginx server
In a production environment, you are recommended to configure your own Nginx certificate for OMT and the suite, which must
be signed by your corporate CA or a third-party CA.
1
. 
Prepare a server certificate (
server.crt)
 and server key (
server.key)
 separately for each of the three Nginx server
FQDNs, and use CN=<access host> when generating the server certificate: 
For 
nginx-smax
,
 
<access host> is the external access host that's bound with the IP address of nginx-smax.
For 
nginx-cms
, <access host> is the CMS Nginx server hostname.
For 
nginx-integration
, <access host> is the integration Nginx server hostname.
2
. 
Copy your certificate files to the corresponding Nginx host. You will need to configure the file paths in the nginx.conf file in
a later step.
Configure Nginx
Configure the three Nginx servers: nginx-smax
, 
nginx-cms, and nginx-integration.
Configure nginx-smax
Make sure the Nginx configuration file (nginx.conf) contains the following settings.
http {
Note
 The procedures below use Nginx as an example. If you want to use other load balancers, use the
guidelines below for reference. Since there are different versions of the Nginx server, this section doesn't discuss
how to install the Nginx server. 


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
698
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.