Using Offerings to Update People
Introduction
In Service Management Automation-X it is not possible for an agent to create or modify person information without the having
the tenant admin role. In some cases, system administrators do not want agents to have the tenant admin role but they still
want the agent to create or modify a Person. By using offerings, it is also possible to allow self-service users themselves to
update profile information not otherwise available. Using offerings is an option that would allow a non-tenant admin user to be
able to perform these actions.
Use Case
Company ABC wants to allow agents who do not possess the tenant admin role to create or modify contact information.
Company ABC wants self-service users to modify a few fields on their own profiles. The company plans to use two offerings in
order to satisfy the requirement. Company ABC will use an audience to limit users who can create accounts, while all self-
service users can update their own profile information.
Configuration Steps - Summary
1
. 
Create an offering to create contacts
2
. 
Create user options to define the fields to be populated
3
. 
Create a task plan to use the user options to populate the contact information
4
. 
Assign entitlement rules to the offering.
5
. 
Create an offering to modify users
6
. 
Create user options to define the fields to be updated
7
. 
Create a task plan to use the user options to modify the information
Configuration Steps - Detail
1. Create an offering to create contacts
In the Service Catalog, create a new offering named “Create new Contact.” The offering will be a service offering.
2. Create user options to define the fields to be populated
Click on the User options tab of the offering created in the previous step. Create a user option for each of the fields that need
to be populated for the contact in the Person record. Note that Service Management Automation-X has several required fields
when creating a contact (Name, Email and User principal name). Check the required attribute when the field is mandatory.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
274
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.