Release log
The SMAX release log is a cumulative list of features introduced in each release. This log helps you with a quick review of all
the new features that were added for each release version.
2022.05
General improvements
Integration Engine enhancements
Extended integration support
This release supports integrations with the following systems (connectors): ALM Octane, ALM/Quality
Center, Jira, ServiceNow, Operations Orchestration, Power Automate, and ArcSight SOAR. See 
Connectors
.
New or enhanced functionalities
Dev2Prod support: you can import integration configuration from a development tenant to a production tenant.
Support for a Generic connector, which enables you to construct HTTP requests that can be sent to any REST endpoints.
REST Executor 2.0 endpoint improvements, including:
Support for two new authentication types: a token-based authentication type (generic authentication) and a "no
auth" authentication type that does not include user credentials or token in request headers.
Support for connecting through the On-Premises Bridge Agent
Displaying the statuses of all requests executed by the Integration Engine in the endpoint
Support for proxy server (configured on the Suite Administration portal)
Ability to control whether to allow subsequent rules in a scenario to execute when a rule fails.
Ability to manually run a scenario directly from the Integration Engine UI (inbound integrations only)
New and enhanced DSL functions
Support of complex JSON payloads
Support of iteration through JSON arrays
Ability to create a scenario based on a predefined template
Attachment support
See 
Migrating integrations
, 
Scenario templates
, 
DSL functions
, 
JSON payload expressions
, 
Expression language
.
Inbound email integration –
 
support for Exchange Online
The "trigger SMAX action through email" functionality now supports Microsoft Exchange Online as part of Office 365. The
Exchange Online integration uses the Exchange Web Services (EWS), and supports the OAuth 2.0 authentication method. Note
that if you use a previous version of Exchange Server that is based on the Basic authentication method for this email
integration, you must change your configuration to use this new OAuth-based Exchange Online service, because Microsoft will
deprecate Basic authentication in Exchange in the near future.
Converged authorization
The converged authorization solution enables the tenant admin to manage users, roles, and groups from one single user
interface (the agent portal) when using additional capabilities such as Cloud Management (DND, CGRO, and Content Store),
UCMDB, and Operations Orchestration. It removes the need for the suite admin to access the IdM Admin Portal for managing
roles and groups for these capabilities, and therefore streamlines the tenant admin's user administration workflow and reduces
the maintenance cost. 
This solution takes effects on new authorization data created in this release; existing authorization data in an upgraded system
will continue to work as before. To adopt this solution for existing authorization data of a tenant, a migration tool is available
from the Suite Administration UI to save all authorization data on both sides: IdM and the tenant. 
See 
User authorization
.
Note: This solution introduces a limitation on the User principal name (UPN) field for groups: the user can't include special
characters in group UPNs, including space and these characters: @;:=&<>#{}|`^~%'?\"/[]. However, groups created in
earlier versions of SMAX are not affected—groups with special characters in the UPN can still work correctly.
Service Management
Global search configurability
In the Studio, you can now enable 
global search
 for custom record types and custom fields by configuring index fields. This will
give you more control over which fields are indexed for each of the record types.
Flexible work schedules and time zones for SLT calculation
For Request, Incident, and custom record types, the system can calculate an SLT based on the work schedule and time zone of
a Person field and an assignment group field of the ticket. This is useful when users and groups are located in different time
zones or have different work schedules. See 
SLT settings
.
In Studio, the 
SLT settings
 tab for Request or Incident enables you to specify a Person field for the 
Customer
 option
and specify a Group field for the 
Assignment group
 option
In each Person or Group record, an Availability section enables you to specify a work schedule and time zone for the
person or group.
Important In an upgraded environment, you must perform a crawling upgrade to use this feature. Without a crawling upgrade,
SLT calculation works as before. 
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
104
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.