Using Power BI to Create Reports
Introduction
Service Management Automation-X includes a BI sync feature that allows users to download entity data and relationships in
order to create reports in external tools. Microsoft Power BI is able to use the data exported from Service Management
Automation-X to generate customized reports. This document describes how to use the data created by the sync process to
create reports in Power BI.
Use Case
Company ABC wants to create a report that will list Requests with their SLT next target time as well as the target status. The
report must allow the ability to filter by offering, service or assignment group.
Configuration Steps - Summary
1
. 
Add the record types and fields required to be able to generate the desired reports
2
. 
Execute the REST call to generate data
3
. 
Download the data
4
. 
Import the data into Power BI
5
. 
Add display names for the service, group and offering
6
. 
Refresh the data
7
. 
Load and combine multiple files
Configuration Steps - Detail
1. Add the record types and fields required to be able to generate the desired reports
BI Sync allows users to export all transactional data available in Service Management Automation-X. In the BI interface select
the Actual Service, Agreement, Group, Offering, Record Target Status and Request.
To include the offering, group, and service, the record types need to be selected. Inside most types, select the id and
displaylabel fields. For the group type, select the Id and name field.
The record target status requires a number of fields.
Any additional fields that are needed for the reports can be added to the Request export. In this case not all are selected, but
the id is required.
2. Execute the REST call to generate data
After selecting the entity types and fields that are required, the administrator must execute the REST call to run a scheduled
job that prepares the data. It may take several hours before the data is ready for download. To start the job, execute the
following REST call: 
https://$testmachineandport/rest/$tenantId/bi/initial
. This will perform a full synchronization of the data. If
you have already downloaded a full sync of data, it is possible to run a job that will only generate the differences (changes)
since running the last initial sync. When the REST call is run, it will provide a Sync Id. The Sync Id is used to identify when the
job is done and where the resulting files are stored. This document only examines the full sync process.
3. Download the data
Run the REST call: 
https://$testmachineandport/rest/$tenantId/bi/status/
<syncId> in order to see if the job has completed.
If the job has completed, the result of the REST call will include "Status": "COMPLETE". When complete, there will be a ‘files’
section in the result that lists all the Ids of the files that were created during the export. The files are compressed in Zip
format. All files must be downloaded. If this process will be run often, it is suggested to create an automated script to run the
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
292
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.