Service Management enhancements
This release introduces the following enhancements for Service Management.
Support for more than one transition in the same direction between two workflow phases
There are cases where customers want to allow multiple transitions between two phases to allow both automatic closure and
manual closure. Up to two transitions of different types (one automatic and one manual) in the same direction are allowed
between two phases in a workflow. For details, see 
Add a transition in a process
.
Enhancements to lists
The maximum number of items of a volatile list or a non-volatile has been increased to 300. The only exception is the Data
Domain list, which can contain up to 1,000 items. 
Enhancements to fields
In general, the maximum number of fields per record has been increased. For details, see 
Field properties
. 
Removal of the limit on active agreements
In earlier releases, up to 250 active agreements (including Service Agreements, Support Agreements, and Human Resource
Agreements) were supported. Now, there is no limit on the number of active agreements in the system.
Support of SharePoint Server 2016
This release adds support for SharePoint Server 2016. 
Cloud Management 
This release introduces the following new features and enhancements for Cloud Management.
Image Aggregation
Image Aggregation
 
showcases cloud service templates from the marketplace portals of AWS, Microsoft Azure, and vCenter. As
a cloud business service manager, you can use the Aggregator to instantly create and offer new services from these templates
without having to create an automation asset. For details, see 
Image Aggregation
.
Content Store
Content Store service is now included in HCMX. Content Store is part of the DND capability. Content Store is a web-based
service for managing capsules. Users can download the latest capsules published on the ITOM Marketplace and use the
Content Store to easily install them into the HCMX suite. Users can also use the Content Store to install custom capsules. For
details, see 
Content Management
Cloud Cost Limits
Cloud Cost Limits allows you to specify a threshold for a cloud spend group, view a spend group's spend compared to the
threshold, and receive email notifications when that threshold is exceeded. For details, see 
Cloud cost limits
.
Cloud Cost Report - Save report filters
You can now save report filters, allowing you to quickly return to complex filter selections without recreating them. For details,
see 
Cost Governance
.
Cloud Cost Report - Enhanced data/date management
You can now limit the amount of data collected by selecting a collection start date so that your collection only gathers data
from the specified date. For details, see 
Create, edit, and delete cost reporting integrations
.
Pause and Resume
Service Designer Failure handling allows you to configure whether to pause or fail a service instance when an action failure
occurs during Provisioning or Cancellation (De-Provisioning). For details, see 
Service Design Failure Handling
.
Deployment Operations UI Improvements
The Instance Management page displays a tree view of all the components that are part of the deployed instance. You can also
search for a component using the search box. For details, see 
Service Instance Management
.
Cloud subscription and cloud offering improvements
A new "Unpublished" status is added to offerings to support the cloud subscription lifecycle. When the offering is in the
“Unpublished” status, the offering is not available in Service Portal, nor in the Service Request Management module.
However, end users can still modify or cancel the associated subscriptions in Service Portal.
To avoid unnecessary request creation for the migrated cloud subscriptions, the dependency on "initiated by request" is
removed from the cloud subscription rules. You need to manually merge these updated business rules in the upgraded
system. See 
Update the Subscription rules
.
After you create a request for a cloud service without specifying the
 Subscription name
 field in Service Portal, the
system uses the request ID plus the cloud offering name as the display name when creating the subscription and the
actual service for the request.
The length of user options in the String type for the aggregated offering is largely extended.
Tenant based License Report
HCMX License reporting supports download and viewing of the consolidated HCMX license usage for a tenant. The report will
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
119
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.