See 
Hardware requirements for option 3
. 
Hardware requirements for other options
If none of the options described earlier suits your environment, see 
Hardware requirements for other options
.
Hardware configuration and system tuning recommendations
The following are some system tuning recommendations.
CPU processor and I/O recommendations
For Processor type, Intel Xeon E5, E7 or peers are recommended. For Processor speed, a processor frequency higher than 1.9
GHz is recommended for non-production environments, and a processor frequency of 2.3 GHz or higher is recommended for
production environments. A higher speed will certainly bring in performance improvements.
Note
: Some new processor types with a frequency lower than 2.3 GHz can also achieve acceptable system performance. For
your reference, the following are processor types that you can use in a production environment:
Intel® Xeon® 8171M 2.1GHz (Skylake)
Intel® Xeon® E5-2673 v4 2.3 GHz (Broadwell)
Intel® Xeon® E5-2673 v3 2.4 GHz (Haswell)
You can switch to SSD for storage purposes, which provides a higher I/O speed and bandwidth. This is typical for a Large
deployment.
Configure DRS for virtual machines hosting the suite
When using VMware to deploy the suite, don't allow automated migration for the virtual machines used by the suite (the
control plane nodes, worker nodes, NFS server, and database server), which may cause unexpected downtime. You must
configure Distributed Resource scheduler (DRS) as follows:
If your cluster consists of only virtual machines for the suite: Configure DRS to be “Manual” so that with vMotion turned
on, migration of the VMs doesn’t happen unless triggered manually.
If your cluster consists of virtual machines for the suite and other applications: Configure DRS to be “Automated,” enable
individual virtual machine automation levels, and then set the automation level for each of the virtual machines hosting
the suite to "Manual," so that only these selected machines are not migrated to other ESX hosts. 
Reserve CPU and memory resources for virtual machines
Once you have created the virtual machines, reserve the CPU and Memory resources for SMA. Don't share the resources with
other virtual machines.
To reserve CPU allocation for a virtual machine:
1
. 
From the vSphere Web Client, locate and right-click the virtual machine, and then select 
Edit Settings
.
2
. 
Configure the following settings and then click 
OK
:
Reservation
: Guaranteed CPU allocation for this virtual machine (in MHz or GHz). Move the slider bar to the far right
to reserve the maximum allowed CPU allocation.
Limit
: Upper limit for this virtual machine’s CPU allocation. Select 
Unlimited
 to specify no upper limit.
Shares
: Select 
Normal
.
To fully reserve the memory allocation on a virtual machine:
1
. 
Power off the virtual machine.
2
. 
In the vSphere Client, right-click the virtual machine from the inventory and select 
Edit Settings
.
3
. 
In the Virtual Machine Properties window, select the 
Resources
 tab and select 
Memory
.
4
. 
In the Resource Allocation panel, select the 
Reserve all guest memory (All locked)
 check box.
5
. 
Click 
OK
.
Network latency
If you need to achieve high availability by locating the Kubernetes cluster nodes (control plane nodes and worker nodes) in
different zones, the recommended network latency between the cluster nodes is 1 millisecond (ms) or less for best
performance and stability.     
System tuning configurations
There are pre-installation and post-installation tuning configurations that have been tested for optimal performance while
avoiding any useless overhead. For details, see 
Perform pre-installation tuning
 and 
Perform post-installation tuning
.
Plan resources for OData integration 
Before starting to use the OData integration, please read 
Sizing guide for OData integration
 to determine if you need
additional Datahub pods, read-only platform pods, and additional worker nodes.
Related topics
For information on Vertica disk space requirements, see 
Disk Space Requirements for Vertica
(Optional) Install containerized CMS
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
549
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.