most times the Knowledge we want to add results from working on a customer issue or implementing a specific change to the
system.
In that case, we can create the Article or News directly from the process we are working on — it can be an incident, a change,
or most other process type records. We simply open the 'More' menu on the top of the screen and select 'Create article from
record' or 'Create news from record'. This will take us to the correct screen to create the new knowledge, with relevant
information from the original record already filled in. I find this a much better starting point than a blank screen, but you can
use whichever method suits you best.
If you would like more specific information regarding the creation of knowledge and news articles, you can find it in the 
online
documentation
.
Models
When we create new articles, we want to have consistency between similar types. By which I mean all of our FAQs should look
the same, all of our service disruption news articles should look the same, etc.
To help with this, Service Management Automation X provides article models that we can use when creating a new article. We
can set up as many models as we would like and create a common template for the look and feel of that article type.
Localization
Since we support multiple languages within our company, we will have to ensure that these articles are available in all of these
languages. Service Management Automation X provides functionality that lets us export our articles so we can send them off
for localization. Once our localizers complete their task, they send us back the files they have created and we can load them
right back into SMAX. 
Now when our end users perform searches and view articles, they will see them in their own language. For more information,
please see 
Localize articles
.
Knowledge Workflow
Just like any other process in Service Management Automation X, the Knowledge process has a unique workflow that our
knowledge contributors will follow. This workflow comprises four distinct steps.
Creation
We talked about how we can start the knowledge process, which begins in the 'Draft' phase of the 'Creation' step. As the
knowledge contributor, this is where I will create the title and content of the article — which is what our agents and end users
will see. For the content, I can use all the rich text components I might need, including links, images, and tables.
I also need to specify the service this knowledge applies to. Using the service, we can better present the users with relevant
information.
Once we create the content, we can move the article into the 'Publication' step.
Publication
In the first phase of the 'Publication' step, we can set specific users or groups to be reviewers for our article. Fittingly enough,
this is called the 'Review' phase. Service Management Automation X will automatically email the reviewers letting them know
we want their feedback on our article.
The reviewers can leave their comments on the article in the discussions section. We haven’t talked about discussions yet, but
this is where multiple users can have, well, discussions about the record in question.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
180
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.