Manual creation of retroactive changes
There're cases when a change needs to be made immediately and it's impossible or inconvenient to submit a request for
change in advance. In such cases, users can manually create a change record after the implementation of the change to
document the change details and perform a post-implementation review. See 
Retroactive changes
.
Notes
:
We encourage customers to follow the processes for planned changes and use this feature only sparingly. 
To use this feature in an upgraded tenant, a tenant admin must add new fields to change forms and apply changes to
processes and rules of Change. See 
Perform post-upgrade tasks as the tenant admin
.
Knowlege search of Confluence content
In Service Management you can enable automatic access to knowledge stored on your Confluence websites. From within
Service Management, agents can search and access on-premises or cloud-hosted Confluence knowledge indexed.
See 
Integrate with SharePoint and Confluence
.
Microsoft Teams integration enhancements
Supports an unlimited number of MS Teams channels and can show MS Teams user names on the Discussions tab in the
corresponding record
Allows you to configure a public FQDN for SMAX deployed in a private network. Based on this FQDN, the system builds the
MS Teams subscription URL and MS Teams calls the SMAX integration engine to send reply messages to SMAX
Supports a proxy server that requires authentication
Uses the standard expression language syntax for field mapping configuration
Note
: If you already set up this integration in the previous release, the integration will continue to work after you upgrade to
this release. Nevertheless, you must reconfigure your existing configurations to use the new business rule template. If you do
not do this now, you run the risk of this integration failing in a future release. See 
Business rules for the Microsoft Teams
integration
.
Reference validation on field deletion
To prevent content validation failures during a suite upgrade caused by incorrect field deletions, you can no longer delete a
custom field from Studio if the field is being referenced by a form, process, or rule. See 
How to delete a custom field from a
record type
.
Cloud Management
This release introduces the following new features and enhancements for Cloud Management.
Design and deploy (DND)
The default fulfillment task plan added to the aggregated offering is improved to support various provision result.
Service Instance Management
The 
Logs
 view shows information, warning, and error messages that occur during the service instance lifecycle. The Logs
view complements the Events view and includes additional information, such as the inputs and outputs of each flow execution,
that are otherwise only visible by viewing a flow execution in OO. For more information, see 
Service Instance Management
.
Content Management
From this release:
You can uninstall capsules from the Content Store UI.
You can see a preview of the capsule dependencies before uninstallation. The preview also shows the actions that are
required and warnings. See 
Content Management
Cloud Management capsules and content packs
CloudSlang capsules
This release includes the following CloudSlang capsules:
CloudSlang Azure capsule 2.0.0
The CloudSlang workflows and operations are refactored to support provisioning or unprovisioning of VMs and user operations
for Azure compute service design. New workflows and operations have also been added. See 
Capsule CloudSlang Microsoft
Azure
.
CloudSlang VMware vCenter capsule 2.0.0
The CloudSlang workflows and operations are refactored to support provisioning or unprovisioning of VMs and user operations
for VMware vCenter compute service design. See 
Capsule CloudSlang VMware vCenter
.
OOTB capsules and content pack
This release introduces the following new features and enhancements for these out of the box (OOTB) capsules and content
pack:
Microsoft Azure capsule 18.8.0 
Microsoft Compute service design is enhanced to align 
cloud_private_dns_name
, and 
primary_dns_name
 properties
 
with
UCMDB class model. You can also find a drop-down list of instance size. See 
Capsule Microsoft Azure
.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
112
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.