One other thing we should keep in mind when creating our offerings is the shopping cart system that Service Management
Automation X provides for end users. The cart collects and submits requests for multiple goods and services in a single
transaction.
Public, Private and Confidential Requests
By default, requests are viewable by any agent that has the rights to the request application and the end user that the request
was for (the 'requested for person'). However, there are certain requests where we want to control who may view and interact
with them. For this purpose, Service Management Automation X allows us to create public, private, and confidential requests.
Public Requests
Sometimes a certain request or issue will affect multiple users in the same location. Instead of opening multiple Requests for
these events, we would be more efficient if we created one and allowed all affected users to use it instead of opening their
own. For just this purpose, Service Management Automation X supports public requests.
Public requests can be shared with, and tracked by, users affected by the same issue. If an end user sees a public request in
the portal that interests them, they can “follow” the request. This allows the user to track the request and be notified when
someone resolves it.
Inside of each offering is a setting that determines whether it may be opened as a public request. Additionally, there is a
setting that specifies if the public request should be shared with users with the same location, organization, or both.
Private Requests
Private requests are the default type of request, and may only be viewed in the Service Management Automation Service
Portal by the requested by and requested for person in the record. They will not appear for any other end user. Again, we may
set this on each offering.
Confidential Requests
Certain requests need to be created where the requested for person may not see the request. For example, certain Human
Resources requests are confidential. Once again, this may be set for a specific offering.
Subscriptions
For many of our service offerings, we want to connect the person making the request with the service or piece of equipment
they are requesting. In Service Management Automation X this accomplish this by creating a subscription.
Subscriptions link a person with a service, device, infrastructure component, or peripheral.This allows us to track the entire
life-cycle in which the “subscriber” consumes the CI. The subscription also tracks cost information, including both one-time
and recurring costs.
We can create these subscriptions manually (either through the SMAX UI or via import), or by using business rules. SMAX
includes out of the box business rules that allow us to create subscriptions automatically from requests.
Subscriptions also add functionality to request management. It allows our agents to find the CI or service that someone is
calling about, shortening the time they need to spend on every customer interaction. The Service Management Automation
Service Portal users will now have a new “My Asset” page, which shows their own subscription information. The portal will also
display information to the end user about the devices they subscribe to.
Tailoring the Service Management Automation Service Portal
One final step we want to take is to tweak the way we present the Service Management Automation Service Portal to our End
Users. While it looks nice right out of the gate, Service Management Automation X makes it easy to change colors, fonts, and
even images to fit our unique corporate theme. This will make our end users more comfortable as they immediately recognize
the portal as part of our corporate toolset.
I made changes to the portal's appearance in just a few minutes using the “Self Service Portal Settings” option. Take a quick
gander at my creative masterpiece…
 
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
160
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.