Reports around degradation of service that may or may not be caused by something in our environment
The third workflow handles requests specific to HR. This allows us to have a specialized process (including approvals) for the
HR department.
The final workflow handles the situation where we allow our end users to create a ‘shopping cart’ that contains multiple
selections from our service catalog. When this happens the system creates each specific item as either a “Service”, “Support”,
or “HR Support” request, and also creates an additional “Cart” request to handle the overall approvals and provide a single
point of entry and communication with the end user.
Service Workflow
As you can see in the above image, the 'Service' workflow for request consists of discrete phases ('Log', 'Approve', etc.) that
take place within higher level steps (such as 'Classification' or 'Approval'). An important point to keep in mind is that the end
user will have visibility into what step in the process their request is in, but only the agents can see the full workflow of a
request (including the current phase and past phases). An end user will only see the current step and where that lies in the
order of all steps for the current process as seen in the image below.
Classification
The only phase of the 'Classification' step is the 'Log' phase. In this phase, either the end user or an agent determines what the
end user is requesting and enters that into the request. If the end user selects a 'Service' type offering, then the request will
use the 'Service' workflow.
In the 'Log' phase the agent must enter a title and description for the request, specify who is making the request (and who it's
for if that's a different person), and add the information on how many people the request will impact and how urgent it's (the
system uses these last two fields to determine the overall priority of the request).
To move the request into the next phase, the agent must assign the request either an owner or a responsible group. This is
where the finger-pointing really begins! Just kidding, but it's important to get the request to the right people as quickly as
possible. Remind me to tell you about some cool functionality we can add using business rules to do this automatically, but
we’ll have to get back to that later.
Once the request has its ownership, it will move into the next phase. This will be the 'Approve' phase if the related offering has
approvals defined, or straight into the 'Fulfill' phase if it doesn't. The only other possible transition is to the 'Abandon' phase,
which will only happen if an agent manually moves it there (which ends the request life-cycle).
While this might seem like a lot of information for the agent to handle just to get the process started, remember that the
system fills most if not all of this information automatically based on the selected offering. This is why pre-defining the
offerings ahead of time is so important. It can reduce the manual effort of our service desk agents during this phase of the
request process, and like me, they would like the required effort to be as little as possible.
Defining a title and impact/urgency information for a password reset request, for example, is straightforward since it's always
the same every time it's performed. Assigning a request like this to a specific group may not be as straightforward, however,
we’ll go over a great feature Service Management Automation X has to help with this later, for now, we can just imagine that
we could assign a specific group to an offering.
If we define the offering with all of this information correctly, when an end user requests it from the Service Management
Automation Service Portal the system will correctly prioritize and assign the request automatically, and then move to the next
phase ('Approve' or 'Fulfill') with no input needed from our agents.
Approval
The 'Approval' step and the associated 'Approve' phase should be self-explanatory. At this point in the request, any needed
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
168
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.