it automatically filled in what it could from the requests we checked.
One time that this would be useful would be after introducing new functionality after an upgrade. If we see a lot of
questions about a new feature after we upgrade the HR system (for example), we might want to put out a quick
knowledge article about that feature so that the end users can find the answers they need themselves — without our
agents having to get involved.
What about those cases where an end user can’t find what they are looking for but doesn’t open a request? Well, we can
change the Hot Topic Analytics to look at user searches rather than requests.
This allows us another view of what might be missing from the offerings or knowledge within our system. Just like with
requests, I can select one or more searches and quickly create a new knowledge article or offering so that next time the
user can resolve their issue by themselves.
We will still need our own processes to ensure that our knowledge articles are relevant and up to date. Service
Management Automation X can tell us how often certain articles are being used so we can improve or retire those that no
one bothers using. We could also review any articles older than a certain date to ensure relevancy.
Cool, right? Now we can have a better way to let us know we might have missed something than that one vein on the
boss's head that throbs when he's about to scream at us.
Configuring the “Stop list”
When we use the Hot Topic Analytics feature we don’t want the system to return words that are so common they don't
add value to the results. Service Management Automation X provides a list of these words to ignore in a 'stop list' for
every supported language in the system.
If there are any terms that our company wishes to ignore when using this feature, we simply enter them in this list.
Conversely, if there is a common term we want to take into consideration we need to remove it from this list. For
example, in our company, we have an internal application named 'ACROSS'. Since “across” is an out-of-the-box stop word,
we would get no feedback on how much it's used in searches or requests. Once we remove it, those searches and
requests will now be seen in the Hot Topic Analytics feature.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
185
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.