Configure SMAX
Making Changes to our System Behavior
If there is anything certain in this world, it’s that some of the more important managers in the company will want us to change
how our Service Management Automation X system works. In truth, Service Management Automation X has some great
functionality built in, but there's no way that it can know the intricacies (and sometimes straight-up craziness) of how we
handle the processes in our company.
Luckily, Service Management Automation X comes with a wide array of configuration options that we can use to tune each
process to our “real world” methodologies. While we aren't going into the nuts and bolts of all of the methods right now, I think
it's important to go over the best practices for making certain types of configuration changes. Otherwise, we might lose some
changes that we make, or even put our system in a bad state, by not following the proper procedures.
We can classify our configuration changes into two categories: 
system configuration
 and 
data configuration
. This is an
important distinction to make because the best practices for making changes in each category is very different.
System Configuration
System configuration changes include modifications tied to a process at a low level. When we make changes at this level, it
can change the behavior in every record of a specific type (like an incident or a change). For example, adding a field to the
incident records is a system configuration type of change — that field is now available in every incident record.
Because these type of changes have such a large effect, system configuration changes can't be made directly in our
production system. Service Management Automation X simply won't allow us to do so. There is a specific process we need to
follow to create these changes in a development system, test them, and then move them into production. We'll look at this
process (called dev2prod for short) in detail, but first, let’s make sure we understand what types of changes are system
configuration changes.
System configuration changes are primarily made in the 'Records' utility. This utility allows us to add fields, change forms, add
custom actions, or modify the process workflow of a specific record type. It should be clear that changes to this low-level
information are system configuration changes, but there are a few other places we need to consider.
Lists, roles, and localization resources are also considered system configuration information. These bits of information are so
tied into the underlying structure of the record definitions they need to use the same process to ensure everything keeps
working correctly.
So it looks like our system configuration information includes any changes made to the following areas:
Records -> Fields
Records -> Forms
Records -> Rules
Records -> Processes
Records -> Notifications
Records -> Custom actions
Lists
Configuring Service Management Automation X
Service Management Automation X provides an excellent experience out of the box. However, it's likely that each
customer of the product will have different processes they would like to follow, and most have different services
they wish to provide to their own customers.
Service Management Automation X provides a variety of ways to configure each process to better provide the
correct experience for every customer. It's very important to understand the different customization options
available. Just as important is understanding the correct methods to use them to provide a seamless transition
between the development of these custom configurations and the activation of them in a production environment.
The configuration abilities in Service Management Automation X fit into one of two primary categories:
System configuration
Data configuration
System configuration changes affect the underlying structure, workflow, business rules, or other low-level
definition of a particular process (such as incident or change management). Configuration changes at this level
will affect every record created for the specific process. System configuration changes can't be made directly in a
production system, and instead must follow a specific development to production (dev2prod) process.
Data configuration changes are created by creating or modifying specific records that support the higher level
processes. An example of a data configuration change is the creation of a new service offering that will be used in
the request management process. Changes at this level only affect a process record that references it. Data
configuration changes are almost always made directly in the production environment.
 


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
226
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.