If you need unique flow and/or functionality within a specific process, SMAX provides models (called Offerings inside the
Service Request process). These models allow you to extend the process in a number of ways, including:
adding specific fields, called “User options” to the process
adding rules that apply to the process using the model
adding approvals (to applicable processes)
setting default values
adding tasks (in series or parallel) to one or more phases of the process
For further information about workflows and models, see 
Enhancing Workflow with Models
.
Create unique forms for different categories of incidents
SMAX has a single workflow defined for Incidents. Every Incident category uses the same workflow and therefore the same
forms. In order to display information differently for different types of Incidents, fields may be hidden or disabled based on the
category. Additionally, different Models may be used to add unique fields to one or more categories. It's actually more
manageable to use the Model to hide or disable fields on a form, then associate the Model based on specific categories using
workflow rules.
For more information on these methods, please view the 
Working with Forms
 and 
Enhancing Workflow with Models
 articles.
"Kill" a user session
When a Service Manager user leaves a session running while they are away or their session stops responding, they are still
using a license and may block other users from updating a record if they have it locked (due to SM's pessimistic locking
strategy). Even if the user logs in to another session, the old session is still "active" and taking up resources. In these cases,
the Service Manager administrator may "kill" the users's session, freeing up resources, licenses, and any record locks.
SMAX users can have multiple concurrent sessions (even from multiple devices) and still only consume a single license.
Session timeouts are handled by the SMAX engine, and any inactive sessions are closed automatically. Additionally, SMAX
uses optimistic locking, so viewing or updating a record doesn't lock it for other users.
For these reasons, there is no need for the administrator to kill a SMAX user session. 
Create ad-hoc approvals
Approvals in ITIL processes ensure that requests or changes affecting the business are within the scope and direction of the IT
directives. With that purpose in mind, approvals are most often defined ahead of time with the proper persons or groups
needed to be the gatekeeper of the associated request or change.
Approval Plans in SMAX allow the administrator to pre-define the approvals needed for a particular process based on
information in the appropriate record. For example, if a specific Service is set in a Change, the approval can be defined to
include the owner of that Service. Additionally, Change Models (or Offerings for Request) can define approval persons or
groups for that particular Model or Offering. Using these methods, it's possible to set the Approval Plans to correctly assign
approvals for any particular type of Request or Change without any intervention from a user.
However, in some less mature or non-ITIL implementations, changes and requests may include manual (or ad-hoc) approvals
that are added to the process after it has begun. While this is by no means a best practice, SMAX allows multiple methods to
modify the Approval Plan beyond its original definition.
The first method involves a user directly updating the Approval Plan for a specific record. Greatly heightened permissions are
needed to update the plan in this way, and this isn't an appropriate method for the average user. However, it does allow
administrators to make modifications when the situation demands it.
A more controlled solution involves adding fields to the form that specifically contain persons or groups that should be added
to the Approval Plan. These "ad-hoc" approvers may then be specified by a regular user without the need to edit the Approval
Plan directly.
These approvals may be defined at the Record (Request or Change) level or in a specific Offering or Model. 
 
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
240
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.