Planning
The 'Planning' step allows the release coordinator to plan the resources and tasks required for the release. During the
'Plan and design' phase, the release coordinator analyzes the release based on the included changes, plans the resources
and tasks required, and reviews, revises, and updates the schedule as necessary. If the decision is to move on with the
release, the release coordinator manually transitions it to the 'Build and test' phase. If not, the release is canceled, and
the release coordinator manually transitions it to the 'Abandon' phase.
In the 'Build and test' phase, the implementation and back out plans for the included changes are built and tested.
Release specific plans, such as training plans, are also created. From here, the release coordinator moves it to the
'Approve deployment' phase if it's ready, or may move it back to the 'Plan and design' phase if further planning and
elaboration are necessary.
For the final 'Approve deployment' phase, the relevant analyst checks the proposed timing and content of the release, the
relative time for the contained changes, validates that all changes have been approved, and confirms that all resources
are aligned to make the contained changes. Once approved, the release automatically transitions on to the 'Deploy'
phase, or back to the 'Build and test' phase, depending on the information provided by the release coordinator.
Alternatively, the release coordinator can cancel the release by manually transitioning it to the 'Abandon' phase.
Deployment
The 'Deployment' step comprises the actions associated with the actual implementation of the release. Here, the release
coordinator coordinates and monitors the implementation of the associated changes.
During the 'Deploy' phase, changes are implemented according to the implementation plan, and all release tasks are
completed. Any necessary release specific activities — the actual changes and any work outside of the changes — are
done. Then the release coordinator manually transitions the release to the 'Early life support' phase.
If the execution fails, the release coordinator manually transitions the change to the 'Remediate' phase. The release
coordinator can cancel the release by transitioning it to the 'Abandon' phase.
When the release moves to the 'Remediate' phase, the remediation plan is implemented.
Validation
Once a release moves to the 'Validation' step, the release coordinator determines whether the release implementation
succeeded and reviews the procedure taken for the purposes of process improvement.
In the 'Early life support' phase, the release coordinator and relevant IT stakeholders (such as the service owner, technical
staff, etc.) monitor the release, resolve problems, and implement improvements to help stabilize the release.
Finally, during the 'Review' phase, the release coordinator and relevant IT stakeholders review the result of the release,
compare the actual and proposed implementation, and decide whether to create a release model. Once completed, the
release transitions to the 'Closed' phase.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
221
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.