capability.
The initial number of cluster nodes and/or the size specification for the Kubernetes controllers can be manually adjusted after
the installation. See Suite capabilities, controller and node scaling.
Suite capabilities scaling
To scale Suite capabilities up or down, refer to the Suite documentation.
The Suite documentation explains how a particular Suite capability can be scaled by configuring the Kubernetes controllers
scaling controls and/or adding or removing cluster nodes.
Through the use of the Reconfigure it may be possible to scale a capability without requiring direct access to the Kubernetes
controllers.
Kubernetes controller scaling
See also: 
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/
 | Workloads | Controllers
All Kubernetes controllers have ways to provide horizontal scaling.
The exact how-to is controller-type specific. Refer to the Kubernetes documentation for details.
The following table gives a brief overview of how to scale a Kubernetes controller.
Controller
Way to scale
Replica Set
Edit the replica set instance change the value for “replicas”.
Deployment
Edit the deployment instance change the value for “replicas”.
StatefulSet
Edit the replica set instance change the value for “replicas”.
Daemon Set
Scales automatically as nodes are added/remove by virtue of Daemon Set design and purpose.
Cluster node scaling
As a result of scaling a Suite capability and thus the Kubernetes controllers it may become necessary to add, reconfigure or
remove a node.
Add nodes: increase the number of nodes in the Kubernetes cluster.
Reconfigure nodes: add CPU, memory or disk to existing nodes in the cluster.
Delete nodes: remove nodes from the cluster
Adding nodes
Cluster nodes can be manually added using the Management Portal | ADMIN | Nodes | Add Node. Cluster nodes can also be
added using the command line.
Nodes provide computing resources in the form of CPU, memory and disk.
Adding nodes allows the Kubernetes scheduler to distribute the container workload over a larger available set of computing
resources, to cope with possible rising resource demands from the installed Suite.
Once a node is added, it will be automatically used by the Kubernetes scheduler and workload will be scheduled on it.
Reconfiguring nodes
Note
Some suites may not support install-time sizing. Refer to the Suite documentation to check the Suite installation
supports this.


Note
The Suite documentation will provide information if a particular Kubernetes controller instance that's used within
a Suite deployment for a particular capability supports manual or automatic scaling.


Note
Consider cluster nodes as cattle, not as pets.


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
441
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.