Implementation Checklist
This section contains an example implementation checklist you can use to guide you through the minimal steps to prepare a
SMAX system for use by end users and agents.
While not every area in the system is covered, the necessary steps are included for the initial setup and the most popular
modules. Links to relevant documentation are also provided.
Setup Core Data & Customization
The core data (such as location and group definitions) is widely used in the SMAX modules. This makes it quite important to
implement early in the implementation process while ensuring the data is correctly created (or imported). 
For high-level information on the types of core data needed, see the Getting Started guide 
here
.
☐ 
Review out-of-the-box Roles and modify or add as necessary
Review the 
roles documentation
, which includes a list of out of the box roles.
☐
 
Create or import Location data
For more details, please review the 
Locations
 section in the Getting Started guide.
☐ Create or import Organizational Groups
Organizational Groups contain all the boxes on the company’s org chart. Business units, departments, and the
company itself are represented as separate but related Organization Groups. 
The Organizational Group also contains information about the Owner/Manager of the Group and all the members of
the Organization. Note that a person can only belong to one Organizational Group.
☐
 
Create or import Functional Groups
Functional Groups contain the people responsible for a specific job function or process within the system.  These
groups can encompass people who belong to several Organizational Groups or may be used to further break up
Organizational Groups into different functions that they support.  For example, within a Department that builds a
specific product we can create separate Functional Groups for the Database team, the UI team, and the Application
team.  It's also important to note that people can belong to multiple Functional Groups, so people that support
multiple processes can belong to all the teams that are necessary.  
The main thing you will use Functional Groups for is to assign “work”. When you want a specific “Team” to work on
a Request, Incident, Change, or even a Task, assign a Functional Group to the record you want them to work on. 
From there, you can also assign a specific Group member to the record, so it's not only important to define the
Groups but to make sure the correct people are part of the Group.
☐
 
Import any Users that were not part of the SSO integration
You can perform simple imports through the UI, but for more complex information consider using the 
Manage
Persons API
.
☐
 
Create or import Contacts (non-users) into SMAX
☐
 
Assign Users to Roles, Locations, and Groups
For small implementations, this may be manually done, but most implementations will require the use of the
Manage Persons API to make bulk updates.  For more information on this API , see 
here
.
Micro Focus
 provides the 
Connect-It
 product as one tool to move information from your internal data sources to
SMAX.  
Connect-It
 makes use of the Manage Persons API so you can add attributes, set licensing, and add Users to
Roles and Groups.
☐
 
Customize the notification header & footer
For example, you can replace the logo with your organization's logo. 
☐
 
Update Agent training material with Location and Group information if needed
Define your primary services
Services are at the core of most processes within SMAX. Taking the time to define your services fully will improve the
productivity of these processes, notably the Service Catalog. You can find more information on defining your services and
examples in the 
SACM Overview
 chapter of the Getting Started guide.
 
☐ 
Create Service Definitions for a few of your most important/used Services
For information on adding the Service Definitions, see 
here
.
☐ 
Create the Actual Service entries that represent these Services in your environment
 
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
147
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.