Incident Flows
Request and Incident… Better Together
You’ve probably noticed that there is quite a bit of similarity between the Request and Incident processes. The real difference
between the two is that Request handles requests and issues coming from the consumers of our Services while Incident
handles issues on the provider side. I’ve come up with two tenants for our Service Desk to help define what each of these
processes is used for:
Service Request management encompasses the consumer-facing processes that make up the expected, day to day
activities involved in providing a service to an individual or group.
Incident Management encompasses the processes used by the service provider to track and resolve any issue that
impacts the ability of a user to consume the service.
It may have crossed your mind that there will be some situations where we actually need both of these processes. Let’s take a
look at an example of this in detail.
For our example, let’s say one of our End Users has called in because they can’t access the company’s HR web page. When
they call in, one of our Agents creates a support request. The goal of that request is to allow the End User to access the web
page – or to allow the End User to consume the Service.
After the Agent works with the End User for a bit over the phone, they determine that there is some type of failure in one of
the DNS servers that's causing the issue. Now there is a known issue that's impacting our ability to provide a Service, so they
need to also create an Incident. In some cases the Request and Incident might be assigned to the same Agent, but in others
there might be one Agent working with the End User (in the Request) and another more technical one working on the server in
question (in the Incident).
Luckily, Service Management Automation X makes it easy to link the original Request to the Incident, allowing information to
Incident Flows
 
Now that we have set up a good portion of what we need for incident management, we can look at the incident
workflow. Along the way, we will investigate the similarities and differences between incident and request
management and how they work together.
 


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
176
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.