troubleshooting, and other operational tasks.
Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS)
: a fully managed service provided by AWS. Once it's provisioned, the following
services are ready to work as a Kubernetes platform for you:
Control Plane: manages when and where containers are started on your cluster and monitors their status.
Worker Nodes (Group): nodes to run your containers. The worker nodes are deployed across multiple AWS availability
zones for high availability and fault tolerance.
Elastic File Service (EFS)
: a managed NFS service that stores data used by the containerized applications in
Kubernetes (such as search engine storage, attachments, certificates, and logs). The storage is called Persistent Volume
(PV) in Kubernetes.
Relational Database Service
 (
RDS
)
: a database service that stores transactional data and metadata used by the
containerized applications in Kubernetes.
Elastic Container Registry (ECR)
: a managed Docker registry service that's secure, scalable, and reliable. The
suite applications are shipped as container images, which are stored in an ECR.
Load balancer
: used to route traffic from external applications to internal applications deployed on Kubernetes. Load
balancers triggered from the Kubernetes service are able to discover the backend worker node change and always fit the
latest status of the worker node pool.
NAT gateway
: enables instances in a private subnet to connect to the Internet or other AWS services, but prevents the
Internet from initiating a connection with those instances.
Inter-communication between components
The Kubernetes cluster, RDS, and EFS are kept in a private subnet, while other components such as load balancers and
bastion nodes are in a public subnet. For reasons of separating the public and private subnets, refer to the "Architecture
design considerations" section below.
A load balancer works as the entrance of external traffic. It's usually bound with the site's SMAX URL, for example: 
https://s
erviceportal.microfocus.com
. Once end users open the URL in their browsers or mobile apps, after DNS resolution, the load
balancer routes traffic from external applications to the applications in a private subnet.
DevOps engineers connect to the bastion nodes in a public subnet and then jump to the private network for cluster
management. The bastion nodes in this scenario work as a Kubernetes client, database client, or EFS (NFS) client for
operation purposes.
The applications reside inside the Kubernetes cluster in the private subnet. It uses EFS as its Persistent Volume and RDS
as its database, which are also in the private subnet.
When the applications in the Kubernetes cluster need to connect to the Internet, for example, when you're downloading
Docker images for upgrade or downloading a patch for an update, the traffic goes through the NAT gateway to prevent
the Internet from initiating a connection with instances running those applications.
Architecture design considerations
Security
With separated public and private subnets, the network infrastructure is able to provide
An additional layer of security.
Independent routing tables configured for every private subnet to control the flow of traffic within and outside the
Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC).
All OMT and suite components are located in the private subnet. NO direct Internet access is allowed.
Employee Self-Service (ESS) users and IT agents can only connect to the specified ports (for example: 443) for business
purposes. A typical traffic path is described as below:
End user/IT agent <-> Load balancer (public subnet) <-> EKS worker nodes (private subnet)
DevOps engineers can connect to the bastion nodes in a public subnet and then jump to the private network for cluster
management. Only a limited number of users can access the bastion nodes. A typical traffic path is as follows:
DevOps engineer <-> Bastion node (public subnet) <-> EKS cluster or EFS or RDS (private subnet)
Availability
The control plane nodes are managed by EKS with high availability and a guaranteed SLA.
Amazon Elastic Load Balancers (ELBs) distribute the traffic across different worker nodes in different Availability Zones.
Worker nodes are distributed across Availability Zones.
Amazon Elastic File System (EFS) provides storage access across Availability Zones.
Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) can be easily configured for high availability across Availability Zones.
Performance
The architecture also takes into account the performance balanced against availability. The worker nodes are distributed
across multiple Availability Zones instead of regions, which makes sure the network latency between different Availability
Zones is less than 1 millisecond in most cases and guarantees minor performance penalty caused by latency.
[Optional] Additional load balancer in front of SMAX
According to your organization's network/security requirements, you may need to setup an additional load balancer in front of
SMAX.
Please enable websocket on the additional load balancer if you have installed one.
Personas
Installing the suite on AWS with EKS includes sequential procedures and involves different roles in your organization. For
example, IT administrators manage physical or virtual machines for production use, and the person to install the suite needs to
request machines from an IT administrator, who will help prepare the requested machines. Typically the involved roles include:
Role
Responsibility
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
793
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.