LDAP Query
JDBC Query
File system
REST Executor 1.0
You can use these endpoints to dynamically list data in the configuration option properties of service design. See 
Use
endpoints
 and 
Use case: OPB endpoints of DND
.
Consumption management APIs
Using these APIs, you can generate data from the suite which can be used to build your own user interface with ease.
The following APIs are available:
GET Offering
Service Request Lifecycle Management 
You can access these APIs after installing/upgrading the suite and enabling the DND capability. See 
Consumption management
APIs
.
Group access to subscription
When you submit a request based on a cloud offering or modify an existing cloud subscription, you can enable group access to
the subscription on the request. This opens the possibility to assign your groups to the subscription as well. If the groups are
assigned to the subscriptions under different access levels, all members of those groups will be able to operate, modify,
cancel, or have full access to that subscription according to the assigned access level. The initial requestor person will stay as
the subscriber of the subscription. See 
Group access to subscription
.
Image Aggregation
The service designer can use Image Aggregation generated Cloud Slang design to customize the public or private cloud
services by adding more Cloud Slang based workflows
Replacement of embedded OO with OO Containerized
The Design and Deploy (DND) capability of cloud management has been re-architectured leading to resource optimization and
increased efficiency. From this release onwards the Operations Orchestration (OO) embedded in DND has been removed and
hence you need to migrate to Operations Orchestration (OO) Containerized. See 
Install OO on-premises
, 
Install OO on
EKS
, and 
Install OO on AKS
.
OO Containerized also provides standalone OO Workflow Designer and OO external RAS  which can be installed on-premises.
You need to run a script to get the OO Workflow Designer and OO external RAS installer bits into the OPB download center for
direct download. See 
Enable direct download of OO RAS and OO Workflow Designer from the SMAX UI
.
Automatic resource synchronization
Automatic resource synchronization through an OO scheduler is now enabled. During provider creation (Azure, AWS, GCP, and
vCenter) details of available resources for a given account get synchronized automatically. See 
Automatic resource
synchronization
.
Operations Orchestration (OO) Containerized
This release of OO Containerized includes an out-of-the-box scheduler. This scheduler allows administrators to schedule
workflow executions with advanced planning options (configurable start dates, end dates, timezone, recurrence patterns, and
exclusions) and configurable workflow level inputs. It also allows administrators to manage the schedules and track workflow
executions.
Service Portal
Portal customization
You can now create custom widgets to embed your own Web Components or static HTML contents in certain theme areas,
including the header, footer, sidebar, and category areas. In addition to creating custom widgets in the predefined locations,
you can also create the Full page widgets, which can be displayed as a whole page with a consistent appearance like other
functionality pages, such as the Offering details pages or Request Tracking pages. See 
Service Portal custom widgets
.
Miscellaneous
When the title of an offering or article in Service Portal is truncated due to a length limit, you can hover over the truncated
text to view the full title.
Related records: supports up to 10,000 records in total in the Related records tab, divided by the number of records types.
Related knowledge: supports pagination
Enable Google Analytics to measure your website traffic and gather vital information about your website visitors for SMAX.
See 
Enable Google Analytics
.
Accessibility improvements in Chat UI: You can now open the chat conversation window using the "Alt + X" shortcut.
See 
Accessibility support
.
Service Catalog open localization. See 
Localize Service Catalog with OpenL10n
.
Mobile app
The name of the mobile app has changed to Enterprise Service Management. The icon label of the app is 
ESM
. 
In this release, the agent mode of the mobile app is generally available for Android devices.
Note that the agent mode for iOS devices has been generally available since 2021.08.
The mobile app has been updated to version 2022.05.x. See the 
mobile app documents
 for details. 
Installation, upgrade, and system maintenance
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
107
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.