Instance Types appear in the legend in descending order of spend.
Spend by product family
This report provides a view of the spend associated with the Amazon EC2 compute instances, grouped by Product Family. EC2
Instances charges differ based on the aspect of the EC2 usage. This report provides additional insight into the breakdown of
spend for your Amazon EC2 usage. Product Families appear in the legend in descending order of spend.
Spend by purchase option
This report provides a view of the spend associated with Amazon EC2 compute instances, grouped by Purchase Option.
Amazon pricing varies significantly by Purchase Option. This report can help you determine whether the most cost-effective
Purchase Options are being used in your organization. Purchase Options appear in the legend in descending order of spend.
RDS reports
Provides information on RDS compute instances based on the following metrics.
Instances by instance type
This report provides a view of the number of RDS compute instances created in a given period, grouped by Instance Type.
Amazon pricing varies significantly by Instance Type. This report can help you see which Instance Types are created the most
in your organization and may help reveal possibilities for cost saving by switching to a cheaper Instance Type. Instance Types
appear in the legend in descending order of the number of instances of that type that were created.
Spend by instance type
This report provides a view of the spend associated with the RDS compute instances, grouped by Instance Type. Instance
Types appear in the legend in descending order of spend.
S3 storage
Provides information on S3 storage buckets based on the following metrics.
Buckets by Region
This report provides a view of the number of Amazon S3 buckets created in a given period, grouped by Region. Amazon S3
storage pricing varies significantly by Storage class and Region. This report can help you see which Region the storage
buckets are created the most in your organization and may help reveal possibilities for cost saving by switching to a cheaper
Region. Region appears in the legend in descending order of the number of S3 buckets on that Region that were created.
Spend by Region
This report provides a view of the spend associated with the Amazon S3 buckets, grouped by Region. Region appears in the
legend in descending order of spend.
Optimize resource using insights
Cloud insights are cost-saving recommendations calculated by 
Micro Focus
, synthesized from multiple data sources and
sorted by calculated savings, from most to least.
Cloud insights help you understand how you might reduce and optimize your cloud spend in the following ways:
Insights score: Tells you how you are doing when it comes to optimizing your cloud spend. Higher the score, better the
control you have on your cloud spend.
Top recommendations: Target the highest priced (on-demand) spending, often greatly reduced through reserving cloud
capacity. This takes into account your historical billing data and makes recommendations to purchase plans that best suit
your needs.
Coverage chart: Indicates how much of your spending lacks the potential benefit of reserved capacity discounts, over the
last 90 days. 
Micro Focus
 also suggests a target coverage percentage.
Expiring reservations: Alerts you to potential lost savings or allows you to confirm existing phase-out plans.
Cloud insight configuration status
The insight configuration status gives a snapshot of when the last recommendation became available, and when the next
recommendation is expected, for each configured cloud provider. Insights are recalculated as new billing data becomes
available from cloud providers. In the case of AWS, this can be several times daily. For Azure, it's once daily.
View insights
To view insights, from the 
Dashboard
, click 
My Dashboard
 and select 
Insights
 under 
Run
.
Recommendation details show the full list of suggested cloud cost optimizations. The list appears sorted by potential savings.
Cloud providers are intermixed. This means if your largest potential savings is in AWS, you will see AWS listed first. The list can
be filtered by individual cloud providers.
Potential savings are calculated as the difference between the pay-as-you-go price and the cost of the reservation. Each
recommendation contains information suited to purchasing reserved capacity, specific to the cloud provider.
Each recommendation displays a combination of values and then a tabular set of quantities to purchase for various VM types.
The recommendations can involve concepts such as normalized units which, when purchased in the correct combination, can
yield better results. Review recommendations carefully and adapt as appropriate for your environment.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
512
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.