containerized CMS. 
2
. 
Prepare a separate NFS server and separate PostgreSQL database server, and required worker nodes for CMS, according
to your CMS sizing profile. 
3
. 
Add the worker nodes to the OMT cluster. For details, see 
Add or remove a machine from a cluster
.
Determine your load balancing option
Follow the instructions below to select a load balancing option according to your network structure. 
There are three load balancing options as described below. However, you need to work with your IT administrator or network
administrator to develop a detailed solution according to your network structure. The diagrams below are examples for your
reference only.
Option 1 is for the scenario where your IT policy requires that any access from the Internet must go through a DMZ
network and all traffic for CMS integration purposes must not go through the network. So it is more secure than the other
options. It's the most recommended one if all of the three options work for you.
Options 2 and 3 are for the scenario where your IT policy has no limitations on inbound and outbound traffic. Since the
network isn't isolated from the Internet, these options aren't so secure as option 1. However, both of them are easy to set
up, especially option 3, which requires no operational cost.
Option 1
You need three load balancers, all of which are application load balancers that work through network layer 7:
Two external load balancers in a DMZ network to handle Internet inbound traffic: one for end users to access the
suite and OMT from the Internet, and the other for end users to access CMS from the Internet. 
An internal load balancer to handle only integration traffic between the suite and CMS in your private network.
The following diagram illustrates the network structure of option 1. 
The following table describes the supported FQDN and port configurations for this option. 
Configuration
Example 1
Example 2
Using the same port (443) and different FQDNs for the suite and
CMS. Note that the two FQDNs must have different domains
(different portions after their first portion).
Note
: The internal load balancer uses different ports for the
suite and CMS (ports 443 and 3443 in the diagram are only
examples and can be changed). 
Suite:  smax.example-
domain-1.com:443
CMS: cms.example-domain-
2.com:443
Note
: the network structure
diagram for option 1 uses this
example configuration.
Suite:
a.b.c:443
CMS:
d.a.b.c:443
Using the same FQDN and different ports for the suite (port 443)
and CMS (port other than 443)
Suite myhost.example-
domain.com:443
CMS: myhost.example-
domain.com:3443
N/A
Note
: Using the same port (443) and different FQDNs that have the same domain (the same portions after their first portion).
For example, you can't use a.b.c for the suite and e.b.c for CMS.
Option 2
Note 
Load balancing options described in this document use ports 443 (which you must not change to
another port unless otherwise stated) and 3443 (which is only an example and can be changed to your own). 


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
696
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.