Time Periods
To set a specific work schedule for a target set (so we only count the time we are “working” against the service targets), we
first need to define it. We do this by creating a time period of a specific type (work schedule).
The time period definition contains all of the scheduling information needed to determine when someone using this schedule is
working. Time periods are very flexible regarding start and end times, one time events (extra working hours), and holidays.
Service agreements use work Schedules to only count time against a target during actual working hours. If the service target
specifies that it's only valid during an eight to five shift, then any time spent outside of those hours will not count against the
target. This is why it's important that we also specify the time zone in the target definition. 8 a.m. in San Diego isn't the same
as 8 a.m. in Shanghai (as I found out the hard way in my last job).
Service Agreements in Action
So we’ve spent a good deal of time going over how to define our service agreements, but if you're like me then you'd probably
like to see examples of a service agreement in action. Let’s go through some hypothetical scenarios and see how the
agreements work in the processes they support.
Example #1: Incident
In this scenario, an Incident was created by one of our monitoring systems at exactly 8 a.m. (how convenient). One server that
supports our Email service went down (possibly because the boss kicked it again)!
We have a support agreement defined for the Email service, which has a specific service level target set for use with Incidents.
This incident had a priority of critical assigned to it by our monitoring system, so we are assigning the following targets for
each type:
Initial review (for critical priority) has a target of 10 minutes
Resolution (for critical priority) has a target of 60 minutes
There is no work schedule defined (which equates to 24x7 service), and the time zone is set to America/Los_Angeles. Even
though there is no work schedule, we want to define the correct time zone to handle date switch overs such as Daylight Saving
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
188
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.