Glossary
A
Action
An action is a software component invoked by the OO run time in order to achieve a certain task. An action can be developed
using the Java or Python programming language. Actions are packaged in the form of a .JAR files and can be used as the basis
for 
operations
. In addition to the actions developed by OO, an action can be developed at your own site or provided by a third
party vendor aiming to extend the capabilities of OO.
Agreement
An agreement is a document describing a formal understanding between two or more parties. An agreement isn't legally
binding unless it forms a contract.
AKS
Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS), a highly available, secure, and fully managed Kubernetes service.
Amazon EKS
Amazon EKS is a managed service that makes it easy for you to run Kubernetes on AWS without needing to install and operate
your own Kubernetes control plane or worker nodes.
Analytic report
Reports that reflect historical data for a record type over time. They are calculated according to a defined schedule and can
include calculated fields. Analytic reports can be set as active or inactive; the active reports are counted toward the quota
defined for the tenant.
Application Portfolio Management
The Application Portfolio Management module enables the assessment and prioritization of the current application portfolio,
and determines which applications need to be modernized. This module is the first step towards application transformation.
Approval
Official agreement by an approver, or an approval group, to accept the risk, cost, and responsibility to implement a change or
complete a task. The System Administrator defines membership in an approval group in each user’s record according to their
User Role. Change requests and tasks have approval requirements. Approvals enhance the Change Management ability of an
organization.
Asset
An asset is a generic term referring to any resource used in service delivery. An asset can be any potential resource or
capability that contributes to the delivery of a service. Assets can be any one of the following types: Applications, Financial
Capital, Information, Infrastructure, Knowledge Management, Organization, People, Hardware, Software, or Process.
Information Technology (IT) assets that need to be individually managed are also  Configuration Items (CIs).
Asset Management
A generic activity or process responsible for tracking and reporting the value and ownership of assets throughout their
lifecycle.
Attribute
A piece of information about a CI. Examples are name, location, version number, and cost. Attributes of CIs are recorded in a
configuration management database (CMDB) and maintained as part of a configuration management system (CMS).
Availability
The ability of an IT service or other CI to perform its agreed function when required as defined in the Service Level Agreement
(SLA). Availability is determined by reliability, service availability, performance, and security. Availability is usually calculated
as a percentage. This calculation is often based on agreed service time and downtime. It's best practice to calculate the
availability of an IT Service using measurements of the business output.
AWS GovCloud
AWS GovCloud (US) is designed to address specific regulatory and compliance requirements of US government agencies at the
federal, state, and local level, as well as contractors, educational institutions, and other U.S. customers that run sensitive
workloads in the cloud. Beyond the assurance programs applicable to all AWS Regions, the AWS GovCloud (US) Regions allow
customers to adhere to U.S. International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), Federal Risk and Authorization Management
Program (FedRAMP), and Department of Defense (DoD) Cloud Computing Security Requirements Guide (SRG) Impact Levels 2,
4, and 5. Visit the 
Compliance Programs page
 for a complete list of U.S. compliance standards supported by AWS GovCloud
(US). ref: 
https://aws.amazon.com/govcloud-us/faqs/
B
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
518
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.