Problem Management
Using Problem Management
One way we can reduce the number of Incidents our agents have to deal with is to keep them from happening in the first
place. While that sounds far-fetched, that's exactly what the problem management process aims to do.
A problem, in the definition of this process, is the underlying cause of one or more incidents. To keep the problem from
causing additional Incidents to occur, we need to diagnose the root cause, identify short-term workarounds if possible, and
resolve the problem so that no more incidents will occur.
Think of it this way, if our roof is leaking we might run around and put down buckets to catch all the water. This is dealing with
the incidents (the floor is getting wet), but the root cause of each of these incidents is the leaky roof. After the rain ends, we
won't have to deal with the water again for a while, but if we don’t fix the root cause of the issue (our problem) then we will
have to deal with a rash of incidents again the next time it rains.
While that simplistic example makes it clear that dealing with the problem will give us the best return on our investment over
time, sometimes in the real world, we lose that focus while we are busy putting our buckets out and dealing with each incident
as it occurs. Then when the rain lets up we forget about the problem because there are so many other things we need to focus
on in our day-to-day operations. Then the cycle starts over again the next time our company sends out a mass email that
causes a ton of users to hit the website at once causing overflow errors which start a chain reaction that ends up bringing
down all of our servers… er, I mean the next time it rains.
Problem Management
A problem is simply the cause of one or more incidents. The aim of the problem process is to minimize the impact
of known problems on consumers and prevent recurring incidents.
Problem management encompasses the activities required to diagnose the root cause of incidents and determine
short-term workarounds and long-term resolutions to those problems. It's also responsible for ensuring the correct
resolutions are implemented through the correct control processes such as change management and release
management.
Problem management also maintains information about existing problems and the appropriate workarounds and
resolutions to reduce the number and impact of incidents over time. This results in a close relationship between
problem management and knowledge management, with the addition of a known error database adding
additional functionality to the knowledge process.
While incident management and problem management are separate processes, they are closely related and share
attributes such as categorization, impact, and priority codes. This allows for easy consumption of problem
management data by incidents.


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
196
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.