If the end user selects the 'Accept' button, the system closes the request and completes the process.
If we didn't completely solve their issue, or they want to give feedback on the process, they use the 'Add comments' button.
This brings up the original request and allows them to leave whatever comments they wish. After they leave their comments,
the request automatically enters the 'Review' phase. Now it's up to the responsible agent to review the user’s comments and
decide if they can close the request or need to move it back to the 'Fulfillment' step.
Support Workflow
Not every end user request will fit into our pre-defined service catalog. Sometime people will enter requests because they are
having an issue with a service we provide. To handle these types of requests, we use support requests.
Support requests are similar to service requests, but let’s take a look at each step of the process and look at the differences.
Classification
While both workflows start with the ‘Log’ phase, the ‘Support request’ workflow adds a second phase to the ‘Classification’
step. In the ‘Classify’ phase, the service desk agent can enter additional information about the end user’s issue and set other
information such as the service they are having an issue with and an initial category for the request. At this point, the agent
must also assign the request to either a group or an agent.
Approval
Support requests have no pre-defined approvals, so the workflow skips this step.
Fulfillment
Instead of a single fulfillment phase, the support request has the ‘First level support’ and ‘Escalate’ phases.
The ‘First level support’ phase is where the actual work starts, and our agents often complete many requests in this phase. Just
like service requests, the work can perform the work directly in the request or in tasks assigned to multiple people in parallel.
The primary difference in the workflows is the ability to escalate a support request (into the ‘Escalate’ phase, of course). An
agent works an escalated support case in the same way, however, the system sends out additional notifications during the
process. For example, an escalated request might send notifications to the owner of the affected service.
Validation
The ‘Validation’ step is identical between both workflows. The end user is emailed to determine whether or not the request
was completed successfully.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
171
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.