Technically, you can, but we recommend using CentOS. We use the bastion node as a jump box to connect to our Kubernetes
cluster and other resources in the private subnet. Operating systems don't matter in this scenario. The SMA documentation
provides steps that have been verified only on CentOS. So you can use the documentation for reference. 
Can I delete the rule for port 3000 on the load balancer after SMA installation?
Yes, you can. However, we don't recommend it, because you may need access to port 3000 again. For example, when you
uninstall the suite and want to reinstall it.
Can I use the same PostgreSQL server for all SMA services? 
Yes, our sizing recommendations are provided assuming all SMA services use the same PostgreSQL server. You can follow the
suite documentation to prepare a PostgreSQL server that meets the requirements. 
Do I have to clean up the NFS server and PostgreSQL database before re-installation?
Yes, you do. The NFS server and PostgreSQL database keep some data from the last installation.
If you don't clean up the old data in the NFS volumes, some services can't start because of the old dirty data.
On the other hand, during the suite installation, the suite installer automatically creates certain databases and users in
the PostgreSQL server. If you don't clean up these databases and users from the PostgreSQL server, the next installation
will fail.
Why should I specify the max pods per node when creating a K8s cluster? How do I calculate this value?
This parameter controls the maximum number of pods that are allowed to run on each node, so that you can balance your
pods. If you can configure more nodes in the cluster than required in the sizing guide, you can adjust this parameter value. For
example, for AKS, the value is 60. If the sizing guide states that you need to prepare 3 nodes for your specific sizing profile and
you want to use 4 nodes for better stability, you can recalculate the parameter value as follows: 3*60/4 = 45. So you can
specify a value of 45 to better balance the pods.
 What kind of data is stored on NFS storage?
Data
Description
Details
Certificates
Certificates for authentication and
authorization
The <global-volume>/certificate folder stores all certificate file for
authentication/authorization between components in SMA.
YAML files
Kubernetes resources' YAML files
The itom-vol-claim volume stores certain YAML templates used by
OMT.
The OMT core volume is used to retain infra component data such as
suitedb, internal image registry, idm, and YAML templates.
The SMA global volume stores all services' yaml files.
Log files
System, container, Kubernetes
logs, and so on
The itom-logging-vol volume stores OMT deployment log, container
log. system log, and Kubernetes log.
The SMA global volume stores all services logs.
Attachments
Attachments in your tickets
The <global-volume>/share1 and <global-volume>/share2 folders
store attachments in your tickets.
Rabbitmq
data
Some message queue data
The SMA rabbitmq volumes store some rabbitmq data related to
message queuing.
Search
service data
Data related to the search
functionality
For example: the SMA Smart Analytics volume.
Database
data
Data in the DB volume when using
the internal PostgreSQL service
The itom-vol-claim volume stores suitedb data.
The db-single-vol volume stores the internal PostgreSQL database
data.
AKS
The following are questions specific to deployments on AKS.
Do I really need 500 private IPs for SMA deployment on AKS?
Yes. Azure recommends using the CNI network plugin for AKS, which allocates a private IP address for each pod in the same IP
space as a worker node. A cluster of full capacity for SMA (plus the AKS system pods) has about 200 pods, which means 200
IPs are needed. However, during the system upgrade, because of the rolling update strategy, the number of pods will be
doubled. That's why 500 IPs are required to make sure the upgrade will succeed.
What is the difference between a bastion node and the Azure bastion service?
A 
Bastion node
 is simply a normal instance, which is configured to allow you to easily grant specific users 
SSH access
 to a
server inside the Virtual Network so that the users can access your private resources.  
The Azure bastion service is a new fully platform-managed PaaS service that you provision inside your virtual network. It
provides secure and seamless connectivity to your virtual machines directly. 
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
1005
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.