opportunities for improvement.
Reviewers
Personnel who can examine the tasks and phases of a change, but who don't have approval authority.
Risk
A possible event that could cause harm or loss, or affect the ability to achieve objectives. A risk is measured by the probability
of a threat, the vulnerability of the asset to that threat, and the impact it would have if it occurred. Risk can also be defined as
uncertainty of outcome, and can be used in the context of measuring the probability of positive outcomes as well as negative
outcomes.
Role
A set of responsibilities, activities, and authorizations.
Role permission
A permission is a predefined ability to perform a task.
Root cause
The underlying or original cause of an incident or problem.
Routing definition
An automatic routing solution for routing records to the correct groups based on the information contained in the record. It can
also be used to specify the values that appear in the drop-down list for a selected group field for a record, based on the path
defined in the selected routing definition. The routing definitions module enables you to create and edit a visual routing
definition which is easy to read and maintain.
S
Self-hosted NFS
It's an NFS server that's hosted on a virtual machine and managed by the customer directly. Its opposite is a managed NFS.
Self-hosted PostgreSQL
It's a PostgreSQL server that's hosted on a virtual machine and managed by the customer directly.
Service
A means of delivering value to customers by facilitating outcomes customers want to achieve without the ownership of specific
costs and risks. The term "service" is sometimes used as a synonym for core service, IT service or service package.
Service Asset and Configuration Management (SACM)
SACM is the process that's responsible for ensuring that the assets required to deliver services are properly controlled, and
that accurate and reliable information about those assets is available when and where it's needed. This information includes
details of how the assets have been configured and the relationships between assets.
Service management administrators and other personnel need current information about business services and devices to
close defects, fulfill change requests, and solve problems. Most business services depend on hardware and software to run
efficiently. When there is an outage, the interruption can affect the entire organization, a special group, or just a few
individuals.
Service catalog
The service catalog contains services arranged by category. The services are further divided into service offerings and support
offerings. The content in the service catalog is displayed on the home page of the 
Service Portal
.
Service catalog management
The process responsible for providing and maintaining the service catalog and for ensuring that it's available to those who are
authorized to access it.
Service contract
A contract to deliver one or more IT services. The term is also used to mean any agreement to deliver IT services, whether this
is a legal contract or a service level agreement.
Service design
A stage in the lifecycle of a service. Service design includes the design of the services, governing practices, processes and
policies required to realize the service provider’s strategy and to facilitate the introduction of services into supported
environments. Service design includes the following processes: design coordination, service catalog management, service
level management, availability management, capacity management, IT service continuity management, information security
management, and supplier management. Although these processes are associated with service design, most processes have
activities that take place across multiple stages of the service lifecycle.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
530
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.