We already have all our Users in our company’s Active Directory (AD), which we can import directly into SMAX. We'll have to do
extra work to also get all our contacts into the system. One thing, we should make sure we check that our current AD data is
correct before we move any of it into our new system.
You can find more information about People in the 
online documentation
.
Groups
Once all our people are in the system, we need to organize them into the proper groups. Service Management Automation X
uses groups for a variety of reasons, including sending notifications, specifying who can approve processes, or to assign work.
Service Management Automation X has two distinct types of groups: organizational and functional.
Organizational groups
 contain all the boxes on the company’s org chart. We can represent all our business units,
departments, and the company itself as organizational groups. We’ll define the company itself as an organization, and then all
the internal business units and their contained departments. The organizational group also contains information about the
owner/manager of the Group and all of the members of the organization. Note that a person can only belong to one
organizational group. Our best practice will be to add the person to the organizational group at the bottom of the org chart
hierarchy – so in our case, we'll add people to their department.
Functional groups
 contain a list of people responsible for a specific job function or process within the system. These groups
can encompass people who belong to several different organizational groups or could further break up organizational groups
into different functions they support. For example, within a department that builds a specific product we can create separate
functional groups for the database team, the UI team, and the Application team. It's also important to note that people can
belong to multiple functional groups, so people that support multiple processes can belong to all of the necessary teams.
The main thing we will use functional groups for is to assign 'work'. When we want a specific 'team' to work on a request,
incident, change, or even a task, we do that by assigning a functional group to the record we want them to work on. From
there, we can also assign a specific group member to the record, so it's not only important to define the groups but to make
sure the correct people are part of the group.
Again, we have most of the organizational information we need in our Active Directory system to import into Service
Management Automation X. However, we will most likely need to do additional work to create the functional groups and get
the right people into each one.
More detailed information on groups can be found in the 
online documentation
.
Roles
Once we have all of the people and groups, it’s time to determine who can do what in our system. Service Management
Automation X handles this by allowing us to set specific permissions inside of roles. We can assign these roles to either a group
or a specific person. Unless there is someone that requires a specific exception, we should concentrate on setting the roles for
groups (rather than on the users) as this will require much less administrative work on our part.
Service Management Automation X comes with a good number of roles already defined that reflect industry best practice
recommendations. In our case, I think these will be enough and we won’t have to add any ourselves, but if that becomes
necessary we can do so.
One thing to remember is that all users will have the ‘Self-Service Portal User’ role defined for them by default. This has all of
the permissions needed to log in to and use the Service Management Automation Service Portal. Therefore, in most we won’t
need to assign any role for users that will only access the system through the portal. The only time this would become
necessary is if we need to create any custom applications (SMAX makes that easy to do, too) that end users will access
through the Portal. If this happens, we can clone the out of the box role, add more permissions to it, and assign that to our
portal users. 
Remember that a person can have multiple roles. Therefore we don’t have to create a specific role for someone who is both an
Incident Manager and a Financial Manager. Instead, we make sure they have both existing Roles.
More information on roles may be found in the 
online documentation
.
Locations
Along with knowing who the people are in our system, it would be a good idea to know where those people are, right? For that,
we need to add locations to Service Management Automation X. SMAX defines locations in a hierarchy similar to the
organizations we previously defined. Each location also has a specific type which ties it to where it fits on the hierarchy. The
location types we can define include:
Region
Country
City
Site
Building
Floor
Stockroom
Data Center
Room
Meeting Room
Cube
Shelf
Rack
Rack Unit
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
152
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.