Surveys
Surveys
At this point, Service Management Automation X is allowing us to do some pretty important things. We are tracking the
services we provide to our consumers, taking requests from our end users, and resolving any incidents that affect our services.
But how are we doing, at least in the eyes of our end users? Well, why don’t we ask them?
We can do this by creating and sending out surveys to our end users. Service Management Automation X provides all of the
tools we need to not only create these surveys but also to analyze the results we get back. This will allow us to gather the
information we need to continually improve our services and our ability to support them.
Creating a Survey
The process of creating a survey is as simple as figuring out what questions to ask and when to ask them. That might sound
like an over-simplification, but with Service Management Automation X, it’s really that easy. Okay, there may be a few other
things we need to do, but it's easy. Let’s take a look at exactly what we need to do.
First, we need to create a new survey. From the list we get to by selecting 'Survey' from the main menu, we select the 'New'
option. Now we need to name our new survey with both an internal and external name — external being what the end user will
see when they are filling out the survey. We can also add instructions to show the user when they are taking the survey. At this
point, we may want to specify the dates that this survey will be active, or we can leave it open-ended.
Surveys
The survey management module enables Service Management Automation X to send surveys to end users and
consume the data collected by these surveys. In this chapter, we will follow Glenn as he investigates how to
create and schedule a survey and investigate the results.
Surveys may be connected to any other record type in the system, such as incidents, changes, or request, or can
be stand-alone. These surveys allow the IT department to gather input from the consumers on how they are
performing, how they can improve, what new services they could offer, or any other question they might have.
Once an end user completes a survey, Service Management Automation X gives Glenn the ability to analyze both
the structured and unstructured data that was gathered. This allows him to see problem areas and create plans to
improve them.


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
192
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.