13
. 
Complete this for all users.
Currently, only incidents and requests can be managed. The users granted with Incident permission are assigned
with 
Incident Manager
 role in the managed tenant automatically. The users granted with Request permission are assigned
with 
Service Request Manager
 role in the managed tenant automatically. 
You can change the permissions of a user in Suite Administration by clicking the drop-down icon to the right of their name: 
 
.
The proper permissions must be configured on the provider tenant and the managed tenants for users to be able to view or
edit managed tenant records.
SMAX
tenant
Roles in SMAX
Applied to
Provider
tenant
MT Administrator
Admin only. Users with this role can add MT agents to the managed tenants. 
MT Agent
All users who access managed tenant records.
Managed
tenant
Service Request
Manager 
(recommended)
All users who access request data for this managed tenant.
If role not assigned, then applicable view and/or edit permissions on requests
and all related record types (such as person, group, service) must be assigned to
these users.
Incident
Manager
(recommended)
All users who access incident data for this managed tenant.
If role not assigned, then applicable view and/or edit permissions on incidents
and all related record types (such as person, group, service) must be assigned to
these users.
If you wish to modify the permissions on a given managed tenant, you will need to configure this within the tenant Roles
permissions.
At this point, the configuration of the MT console is complete and you can log in to the Provider Tenant to use it. 
Using the MT Console
After creating the provider and Managed tenants, you can log in to the appropriate SMAX tenants to work on the tickets. This
section shows what you would expect to see when logging into the different tenants.
Managed Tenant
As a user logging into a managed Tenant, you will see no difference in how the SMAX tenant operates. Any user from the
Provider that has been given access via Suite Administration will be visible in the Person table, allowing them to be utilized as
any other user (given permissions and roles or assigned to groups, etc.).
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
233
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.