Check the SSH configurations
Role
Location
Privileges required
System administrator
All control plane nodes and worker nodes
Root or sudo
OPTIC Management Toolkit (OMT) supports default SSH configurations. If you are using default SSH configurations, ignore the
the steps in this topic. If you don't have SSH enabled, or aren't aware of the current SSH configurations, follow the steps in this
topic.
OpenSSH provides secure and encrypted connections between machines. Therefore, we recommend that you enable SSH on
all control plane and worker nodes (cluster nodes) in your deployment.
If your cluster nodes can't or aren't allowed to enable SSH, go to the "Silent deploy" or "Deploy cluster nodes without SSH
access" topics for details about silent deployment.
You can run the following command to check whether SSH is enabled and running as a root user or a sudo user who has
related permission:
systemctl is-active sshd
If the output is 
active
, SSH is enabled on this node. However, if you have customized the SSH configurations, perform the
following steps on all control plane nodes and worker nodes to check whether your SSH configuration meets the installation
requirements.
Check whether you have enabled SSH
Check the output of the 
systemctl is-active sshd 
command to make sure that SSH is enabled on this node.
 
An SSH server is
installed and enabled on most operating systems, and the configuration file is 
/etc/ssh/sshd_config
. 
To check whether the SSH server has been installed, run the following command:
systemctl -t service|grep sshd
If the SSH isn't installed on your node, run the following commands to install and start the SSH server:
yum install openssh-server
systemctl enable sshd
systemctl start sshd
Check MAC and Cipher algorithms
For security reasons, the IT administrator may allow only limited algorithms for SSH client connection. Make sure
the /etc/ssh/sshd_config files on all the control plane nodes and worker nodes are configured with at least one of the following
values. If no MAC/Cipher algorithm is configured in the /etc/ssh/sshd_config file, the server uses the default MAC/Cipher
algorithm whose default value has contains the MAC and Cipher requested by OMT. In that case, you can ignore this "Check
MAC and Cipher algorithms" section. 
For MAC algorithms: hmac-sha1,hmac-sha2-256,hmac-sha2-512,hmac-sha1-96
For Cipher algorithms: 3des-cbc,aes128-cbc,aes192-cbc,aes256-cbc,aes128-ctr,aes192-ctr,aes256-
ctr,arcfour128,arcfour256,blowfish-cbc
For example, add the following lines to the 
/etc/ssh/sshd_config
 files on all the control plane nodes and worker nodes:
MACs hmac-sha2-256,hmac-sha2-512 
Ciphers aes128-cbc,aes192-cbc,aes256-cbc,aes128-ctr,aes192-ctr,aes256-ctr
Check the password or key authentication setting
During the installation, you will use either user name and password authentication or user name and key authentication to add
control plane nodes and worker nodes on the installation portal. To use a user name and password authentication to add
nodes for the installation, make sure the 
PasswordAuthentication
 parameter in the 
/etc/ssh/sshd_config
 file is set to 
yes
.
You can run the following command to check whether the 
PasswordAuthentication
 is enabled. Replace 
<cluster node>
 with the
IPv4 address or FQDN of any of the cluster nodes.
ssh root@<cluster node> echo "It\'s working\!"
You will be prompted to enter the password of the cluster node.
If your terminal resembles the following, the 
PasswordAuthentication
 parameter is set to 
yes
.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
637
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.