engines running on cluster nodes.
Control plane node
A cluster node that runs the cluster management components. Formerly known as "master node".
Management portal
An application that allows users to manage OMT cluster configuration and applications.
Multiple deployments
Multiple individual installations of an ITOM suite and/or services or multiple suites and/or services on the same OMT
Kubernetes cluster.
Namespace
The Kubernetes way to partition a single cluster into multiple virtual clusters.
Network File System (NFS)
A distributed file system protocol.
Node
A node is a worker machine in Kubernetes. A node is a physical or virtual machine running Kubernetes, onto which pods can be
scheduled. A Kubernetes cluster consists of two types of resources:
The master coordinates the cluster
Nodes are the workers that run applications
A node is a VM or a physical computer that serves as a worker machine in a Kubernetes cluster. Each node has a Kubelet,
which is an agent for managing the node and communicating with the Kubernetes master.
Persistent volumes
A Kubernetes object providing access to some form of persistent storage such as network file systems or local disks.
Persistent volume claim
An API object that represents a piece of storage in the cluster. Available as a general, pluggable resource that persists beyond
the lifecycle of any individual pod.
Pod
One or more containers. This is the unit of scheduling in Kubernetes. A pod represents a set of the running container on your
cluster.
Replication Controller
A Kubernetes object that defines and ensures running a specified number of instances of a pod.
Replica Set
Next-gen Replication Controller.
Scheduler
A control plane node component that schedules pods to nodes.
StatefulSet
A Kubernetes object that defines and ensures running a specified number of instances of a pod, with guarantees for order and
uniqueness.
Secret
A Kubernetes object allowing for secure storage of sensitive configuration information.
Selector
A way to filter resources.
sysctl
sysctl is a semi-standardized interface for reading or changing the attributes of the running Unix kernel.
Vault
Hashicorp Vault is the secure storage and certificate generation technology used in OMT.
Volume
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
536
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.