After the survey has ended and we have all the results, we need to figure out what all of that data means. Service
Management Automation X has two different ways to help us with this; reports and hot topics.
Reports
Remember the work we did earlier in setting up our reports? Well, it’s time for that to pay off. When we look at the reports tab
in our survey, we can see the up-to-date results for all of our reports.
  
You can see now why it was so important to figure out what reports we needed ahead of time. By putting in the work to define
them up front, we now have an excellent set of curated information that will help us find actionable areas of improvement
based on the results of our survey.
One important thing to note is that the system updates reports once every 24 hours, so we will not be seeing the data from the
current day in the reports.
Hot Topics
While the reports are excellent at giving us a clear look into almost all the question types we can ask in our Surveys, they don't
help us gain insights from questions that allow the end user to type in text. This is where we can take advantage of Service
Management Automation X’s ability to analyze the answers to text questions using the Hot Topic Analytics feature.
Now we can look at trends and commonalities in the end users’ responses to the survey questions — just like we did when
using the knowledge management functionality earlier. We can play with the filters to break out specific time periods,
questions (with text responses), or even certain responses to the overall survey rating. For example, I can just focus responses
to a "how can we do better” question for those who gave us overall ratings in the lower half of the possible responses.
From the resulting boxes, I can drill in to get more detail and look at all the responses that fit the selection. This gives us the
power to mine our unstructured data to find areas where we can create a plan to improve on. Now we can change how we
provide our services, create better knowledge to help our consumers, or perhaps even create some new training material. This
time, however, we won't have to guess where our problems are as Service Management Automation X and the survey module
have guided us to where our issues lie.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
195
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.