create tasks for any of the active phases (except for the 'Log' phase). All the tasks created for a specific phase must be
completed before the incident can leave that phase. The collection of tasks within an incident (or any type of record) is called
a Task Plan.
These tasks become useful when we use them to assign work related to resolving the incident, such as assigning someone to
do some detailed review of the logs during the 'Validation' step.
You can find more information on 
incident task plans
 (and task plans in general) in the online documentation.
Service Level Targets
Just like requests (again), incidents may have service level targets defined. While we will get into the whole service level
management process in detail later, I did just want to mention one thing. While these targets measure the same things in
request and incident, the actual targets can be different between the two processes.
Request/Incident Workflow
You’ve probably realized that there are going to be times where the same issue is going to result in both the Request and
Incident processes being used. For example, if there is a hardware failure that results in the company Email being unreachable
we will have:
One Incident against the Email service that's related to the hardware that's having the failure
Possibly multiple Requests against the Email service from any End User that's unable to get to their Email
Luckily, Service Management Automation X has built-in interaction between Request and Incident that will reduce the work
that our Agents need to do in order to properly run both processes.
If for some reason our monitoring software did not capture the Incident automatically and we first received a call from an End
User about the issue, of course the Agent who received that call will open a Request to restore the Service for the caller. Once
they have determined that the actual Service isn't operational and they don't see any active Incidents against the Service,
they know they need to create an Incident as well. Using Service Management Automation X, all they will need to do is check
the “Service Impacted” flag on the Request and Service Management Automation X will automatically create the related
Incident (and create the link between the Request and the Incident).
Again in this example, we would probably end up with quite a few Requests that are linked to the Incident, as more and more
people end up missing their email. Once our technicians fix the actual issue (or come up with a workaround… again, the point
is to restore the ability to provide the Service) the Incident can be resolved. At this point Service Management Automation X
will automatically resolve all of the related Requests, copying over the resolution. This gives the End Users the ability to accept
the resolution and close their Request – with no need for our Service Desk Agents to get involved!
If for some reason the resolution of the Incident did not restore the Service for any of the callers, then their Request will
become active again (and the Service Desk Agent responsible for that Request will be notified). See how the Request and
Incident process are still separate, even though they are linked? The Incident is responsible for restoring the ability to provide
the Service, and the Request is responsible for ensuring that the customer can again consume the Service.
Oh, and I know that some of our Service Desk Agents pull double duty as technicians as well, helping to fix various software or
hardware problems that occur – thus working on the Incident process as well. To make their job easier, if the Request was
originally marked with a “Service Impact” flag the Agent can actually close the Incident from the Request process. If the linked
Request is resolved and accepted with one of the following Completion codes:
Resolved with workaround
Unable to reproduce
Abandoned by user
Incident resolved
The linked Incident will be updated with the Solution and corresponding Completion code, resolving the Incident. Since the
Incident can also turn around and resolve any additional (still active) Requests when it's resolved, our one Service Desk Agent
can resolve all of the linked Requests as well as the Incident directly from their own Request!
Ok, I hope that gave you a good overview of the Incident process, as well as how it interacts with our other main support
process – Request. Unfortunately, there seems to be a pretty serious Incident going on right now… I can see my boss kicking
one of our database servers. I’ll give you a chance to review what we’ve documented so far while I go and take care of
whatever he broke this time. I’ll be back in a bit to talk about some supporting process for both Request and Incident
Management.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
178
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.