Set up SELinux
Role
Location
Privileges required
System administrator
All control plane nodes and worker nodes
Root or sudo
The SELinux setup is optional.
Security Enhanced Linux (SELinux) is an advanced access control mechanism built into most modern Linux distributions.
SELinux provides a flexible Mandatory Access Control (MAC) system built into the Linux kernel. SELinux works as a counterpart
of the Discretionary Access Control (DAC) that ships with most Linux distributions. However, the difference between MAC and
DAC is the means by which users and applications gain access to machines. Traditionally, under DAC, it manages the
privileges or security via giving users the perform permissions to objects such as files, sockets, and other processes. SELinux
adds finer granularity to access controls. SELinux defines the access and transition rights of every user, application, process,
and file on the system. By default, SELinux denies anything that's not explicitly allowed. To explicitly allow certain behavior on
a node, the system administrator must write policies to allow it.
For information about how to write policies and other more information about SELinux, see the 
SELinux documentation
.
SELinux modes
SELinux has three modes: 
Enforcing
, 
Permissive
, and 
Disabled
:
Enforcing
: SELinux is enabled. SELinux enforces strict policies on the system. SELinux denies any action that's not
explicitly allowed.
Permissive
: SELinux is disabled. In this mode, your system isn't protected by SELinux. Actions contrary to the policy are
only logged in the audit log.
Disabled
: SELinux is disabled entirely.
Install SELinux on the node
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7.x and 8.x, CentOS 7.x, and Oracle Linux 7.x and 8.x include SELinux services by default. To check
the installed SELinux packages on the node, run the following command:
rpm -qa | grep selinux
You must install the following packages to install the application:
policycoreutils
policycoreutils-python/policycoreutils-python-utils
checkpolicy
Run the command: 
yum install <SELinux package name>
 to install more SELinux packages.
For example:
yum install policycoreutils policycoreutils-python checkpolicy 
Enable SELinux
To enable SELinux on your node, perform the following steps:
1
. 
Run the following command on the node:
sestatus
Your terminal resembles the following:
[root@sh ~]# sestatus SELinux status: 
disabled 
2
. 
Open the SELinux configuration file 
/etc/sysconfig/selinux
 with a supported editor. Then set 
SELINUX=enforcing
. Then save the
configuration file.
3
. 
Reboot the server to enable SELinux.
4
. 
After reboot, run the following command to check the SELinux status:
sestatus
Disable SELinux
To disable SELinux on your node, perform the following steps:
1
. 
Run the following command on the node:
sestatus
Note: 
The following operating systems have replaced the 
policycoreutils–python
 package with the 
policycoreutils-pyth
on-utils
 package, because these operating systems have upgraded their Python 2 to Python 3.
Oracle Linux 8.0 and higher
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8.0 and higher
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
624
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.