Service Level Management
This release introduces the following new features for Service Level Management. See 
Service Level Management
.
Configurable SLM targets
Now you can assign flexible target types.
Out-of-the-box SLT operation rules can be modified now.
Now you can add flexible SLT operation rules either in Studio workflows or in specific Target Sets.
SLT history is enhanced to capture target status changes.
SLM expansion to Change Management
Service Level Management (SLM) is now available to Change record types.
OData for BI integration
As a new method for business intelligence (BI) Integration, OData provides secure access to SMAX data for reporting with the
following advantages:
The existing secure HTTPS/REST-based communication can be used in SaaS.
OData is natively supported by mainstream BI tools (such as Power BI, Tableau, and Qlik Sense) and other apps (such as
Excel).
OData uses the existing SMAX authentication and authorization for access to SMAX data.
Customers can scale out the integration to optimize performance.
See 
Use OData for BI integration
.
Time series report
Analytic and Survey reports now support time series. This report type displays a sequence of data obtained by analyzing a
group of items over a defined period of time.  See 
Reports
.
Group member sync from IdM to Service Management
If you use IdM's group rule functionality to dynamically assign members to groups for capabilities such as Cloud Management
(DND, CGRO, and Content Store), UCMDB, and Operations Orchestration (OO), the new "group member sync" feature enables
you to periodically pull group-member relationships from IdM to the agent interface. You can turn on this feature for tenants
that need to take advantage of the configuration efficiency brought by IdM group rules, by using the tenant-level "Pull
members from IdM" setting. See 
Group member sync
.
Service Portal
This release introduces the following features for Service Portal:
Multi-language support for Smart virtual agent
The Smart virtual agent removes the restriction that each tenant can have only one single language model.
You can now apply multiple language models within one single tenant, so that end users can chat with the smart virtual
agent in their preferred languages. See 
Multi-language support in one tenant
.
A new 
Virtual agent 
tab is available in Suite Administration to control which language models need to be preloaded and
reside constantly in memory for quick response. See 
Virtual agent tab
.
The Smart virtual agent supports three new East-Asian languages (Japanese, Korean, and Simplified Chinese). See 
Language
support
.
Show/hide the lookup icon
You can now configure whether to display the lookup icon next to the drop-down menu of entity picker. See 
Service Portal
feature settings
.
Drag and drop attachments
You can now use the drag-and-drop method when you add attachments in Service Portal.
User experience enhancements
You can now configure the background color for the Agent interface header. See 
Service Portal display theme settings
.
In the offering list, the first paragraph of the offering description is displayed as a single-line short description. If the short
description is truncated due to a length limit, you can hover over the truncated text to view the full contents.
To take advantage of this feature, 
Catalog Administrator
 users are encouraged to add a short description as the first
paragraph of the Description field when defining a catalog offering.
Note: 
The service modeling feature requires one of the following versions of UCMDB: Containerized CMS
2022.05 (with 2022.05.P1.HF2 applied) and 2022.11, and Classic CMS 2022.11.


Note
: The method of using the BI integration API for BI integration is deprecated. 


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
63
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.