Solution planning using Service Management
Service Management includes two important modules that are involved in planning service solutions, Service Request
Management and Incident Management. It's important to understand the differences between these modules, as well as the
types of processes served by each one.
Service Request Management
Service Request Management (SRM) encompasses the consumer-facing processes that make up the expected, day-to-day
activities involved in providing a service to an individual or group.
These activities can be defined at a high level as either service requests or support requests. Service requests are the set of
predefined activities that can be performed against the service itself (such as increasing the size of a standard email mailbox,
requesting additional memory for a virtual machine, or resetting a password for a specific application). Service requests
usually require the same type of information from the user each time (such as a user id or application name), and often lend
themselves to automation.
Support requests, by contrast, encompass those requests that haven't been predefined or even expected by the service
owner. This can include questions, suggestions, or even complaints. For many of these, a good knowledge base will enable a
consumer to self-answer and remove the need for a service desk agent to manually respond to the request. However, a
support request often involves a perceived issue that a user is having with the service.
Incident Management
Incident Management (IM) encompasses the processes used by the service provider to track and resolve any issue that
impacts the ability of a user to consume the service.
It's important to note that an issue that impacts the operation of a service may or may not be reported by a service consumer.
For most hardware or application issues, the incident is most likely created directly by the service provider either manually or
by some type of event management software. However, for those incidents that were either reported by a service consumer,
or for those that affected a consumer who then reported it via a service request, both processes (IM and SRM) need to be
followed.
Understanding the difference
To understand the difference between these modules, we need to consider the end goal of each process:
The goal of Service Request Management is to ensure that the user can consume the service to their satisfaction.
The goal of Incident Management is to restore the normal operation of a service as quickly as possible.
Using these definitions, one of the easiest ways to clarify if an issue needs to be handled by Incident Management is simply to
determine whether or not the issue could affect the availability of the service as defined in any service level agreements.
While this isn't the only criterion that we might use, if the answer to this question is yes, then the issue in question must be
handled within Incident Management.
Here are some examples of use case scenarios and the processes that should be followed in each case:
Example
Processes
Comments
A user has forgotten their password for
their email system.
Service Request
Management
(Service Request)
A good candidate for automation.
A user can't connect to an application.
Investigation by the agent determines that
the issue is caused by an improper proxy
definition on the user's machine.
Service Request
Management
(Support Request)
The issue isn't caused by the service provider.
Event Management detects that one of the
servers in an application has crashed.
Redundant systems keep the application
online, but users are taking longer than
normal to log in.
Incident
Management
While the service is still available, there is an impact on
the ability to provide it.
A user calls in reporting that they are
taking a long time to log in to the
application.
Service Request
Management
(Support Request)
- link to Incident
Management
The SRM process is used to handle the consumer. They
may want to be notified when the issue has been
resolved, or may simply be satisfied by the
explanation. The service request is linked to the
incident to help facilitate both.
In each case, we can use the above definitions to determine the correct process:
Service Request Management encompasses the consumer-facing processes that make up the expected, day to day
activities involved in providing a service to an individual or group. The goal of Service Request Management is to ensure
that the user can consume the service to their satisfaction.
Incident Management encompasses the processes used by the service provider to track and resolve any issue that
impacts the ability of a user to consume the service. The goal of Incident Management is to restore the normal operation
of a service as quickly as possible.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
458
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.