Transform without drama
OPTIC makes practical transformations possible—building on what already works through open, composable REST APIs and a
broad set of connectors. In other words, you don’t need to replace valuable workhorse systems, such as your existing Business
Intelligence (BI) tools for reporting. Instead, you can build on those solutions with these drama-reducing capabilities:
Unified process automation with embedded best-practices content that improves productivity without requiring brittle
custom code.
Discovery and topology mapping for both cloud and on-premises environments that enables efficient management based
on current configurations.
A single interface for user self-service, backed by smart virtual agents, that reduces user frustration while improving
response times and staff efficiency.
Flexible deployment options—in the cloud, in containers, as a service, or on premises—and the ability to switch as
needed.
Harness built-in, unlimited-use intelligence at the core
While competitors have scrambled to partner or acquire AI/ML tools, bolt them on, and then charge you more for their use,
OPTIC is different. It has built-in, unlimited-use intelligence at the core to normalize, store, and make sense of all the data that
is produced by the variety of tools found across IT environments. Besides saving you money, embedded intelligence results in
better analysis with algorithms perfectly tuned for the known data sources within OPTIC.
Optimize your use of the cloud as a full partner
OPTIC allows you to discover, monitor, manage, and govern cloud services in tandem with your on-premises approach—
maximizing the customer experience and business return. You can install transparent guardrails for cloud costs and policies.
Unify performance and availability management across all hybrid cloud and on-premises applications and infrastructure. And
stay open to new possibilities with multicloud deployment options. With the cloud as your partner, you can extend operational
best practices while retaining cloud agility.
Your Platform for Change
Ultimately, OPTIC is the automation engine built to help you quickly introduce innovative services as you move towards
delivering the self-driving IT your business craves. Building on what already works, you can take a high tech, low drama
approach to unifying the business user experience and improving operational efficiency. Backed by intelligence at the core,
you can make your tools smarter without paying extra. And by optimizing your use of the cloud, you can also optimize service
delivery across every environment. In short, you 
can
 take your transformation where it needs to go without all the drama.
For more information, check out the 
Micro Focus Universe sessions on OPTIC
, including the ITOM Keynote, "Simplify the
Complexity of IT and Build Resilience for What’s Next" and the technical session, "Explore the Advancements and Advantages
of the Micro Focus ITOM Platform."
Source: https://community.microfocus.com/it_ops_mgt/b/sws-571/posts/announcing-optic---the-operations-platform-for-
transformation-intelligence-and-cloud
 
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
402
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.