When an agent (or the system) assigns a task to a person, they get an email notification and can also use the tasks list inside
of Service Management Automation X to see all the tasks assigned to them.
The system can handle some of these tasks automatically (such as the 'Reserve PC' task in the above example) and may
never need a person to work on them at all. We can use business rules to fill in information or even call an external tool to do
the work in another system. Service Management Automation X even has a great built-in integration to 
Micro Focus
’s Operation
Orchestration product, which we can use to coordinate work between multiple external systems.
Once all the tasks have been completed, the Agent simply needs to fill in the solution (a summary of what was done to fulfill
the request) and enter a completion code (which describes how the solution fulfilled the problem: 'Resolved with workaround',
'Request denied', etc.) and the system will move the request into the 'Validation step'. For these type of requests, we could
even use automated tasks in the task plan to set a solution and completion code if all other tasks complete successfully.
One other possibility I should point out is what happens if the end user no longer needs the Request to be fulfilled after it has
been opened. In this case, the agent can abandon the request, which ends the request process without finishing the requested
work.
Validation
Now that we’ve finished the work associated with the request, are we done? Well, not quite. The result of the request process
is to ensure that the resolution satisfies the end user. It's up to the end user to decide if we got things right. That leads us to
the 'Validation' step of the request.
Upon entering the 'Validation' phase, the system places the request into the 'Accept' phase. When this happens, the end user
receives an email notifying them of the resolution and asking them for their feedback.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
170
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.