The final level in the service catalog hierarchy contains service offerings. These offerings are where we define the details of
specific products and processes we provide related to our services. The offering definition includes information on how it will
appear to the end user in the service catalog and the processes that the system needs to complete to fulfill a request for this
offering.
Some examples of offerings we need to define for our Email service might include:
Standard email
Premium email
Upgrade email
Increase mailbox size
Create email aliases
Enable mobile email
Resolve an email issue
The system defines the processes (the actual work someone needs to do) as tasks within the offering. The completed task plan
may contain both manual and automated tasks. Inside the plan, we can also define any order and/or dependencies for those
tasks.
There may be several offerings that use the same plan, with some small changes to the values being passed or the default
values. Service Management Automation X allows us to create reusable task plans called fulfillment plans. We can then attach
these fulfillment plans to any offering, keeping us from having to create the same plan over and over.
Creating each offering is the most challenging item of work in setting up the service catalog. For each offering, we need to find
the answers to several questions:
What does the offering provide to the person requesting it? Is it a physical item, a change to something they already
have, or the ability to use a service?
What steps (or tasks) are necessary to provide the item/service/etc? What order do we perform these tasks in?
For each of the tasks, who makes sure they get completed?
Who manages the overall process (to help us define it or change it when necessary)?
We also need to be mindful of where we create our offerings. Offerings are not packaged as part of the configuration changes
in the development to production process (see Appendix B), so we only want to create examples and do testing in our
development tenant. We should create our actual offerings in the production system. Don’t worry, we can mark them as
“inactive” until we are ready for them to show up in the portal.
Now you can see why getting the service catalog can be quite a lot of work. But if we do it right, we'll have a system that can
track, direct, and automate the work necessary for everything IT provides. By putting in this work up front we will save our end
users and agents even more time down the road.
And look, I know that we aren’t ever going to be “done” with the service catalog. Our services will change over time. New
offerings will be created for our existing services, and some offerings will become obsolete and need to be removed.
Maintaining the service catalog is an ongoing process we will need to oversee as time goes on.
And of course, if you would like more detailed information about the service catalog head to the 
online documentation
.
 
Localization
We have end users all over the world, and they don’t all speak the same language. Lucky for us, Service Management
Automation X has a built-in process that lets us export all the text in our catalog so we can send it off for localization. Once the
localization is complete, we simply import the translated text back into our system, and then each end user will see the service
catalog in their own language.
Shopping Cart
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
159
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.