Service offerings
Service offerings provide the information consumers need to select the most appropriate services. Each service offering
references a service design, which defines the service options and components of the service. You can tailor service offerings
for each consumer group with details such as customized terms and conditions, option visibility, and pricing. Create a service
offering from a sequenced or topology service design. When you are ready to expose the design to subscribers, publish the
service offering in a catalog in the Service Portal. You can create an offering from a sequenced or topology design. Pricing is
configured on a service offering and supports initial, recurring, and option-specific pricing. You can choose to show or hide the
initial or recurring price details to a subscriber or an approver in the Service Portal. You can also attach documents to a
standard service offering (such as service level agreements, terms, and conditions) and screenshots, which are images and
captions that provide the user with a visual representation of the offering in the Service Portal.
Customize service offerings
You can customize service offerings for different target groups. You can base customized service offerings on the same service
design using different attributes for each group. You publish a customized service offering in a catalog that's visible to its
target group.
You can configure the following service offering attributes:
Offering name, description, image, and tags
Option visibility for offerings based on sequenced designs
Subscription pricing
Attached documents such as service level agreements or terms and conditions
Associated screenshots or other images
Multiple versions per service offering
You link each service offering to its target group by publishing the service offering in a catalog for that group. HCMX uses
catalogs to constrain the service offerings displayed for each user. The Service Portal only displays offerings published in
catalogs associated with one of the user groups. Pricing details can be hidden from the subscriber or approver in the Service
Portal if configured in the service offering.
Catalogs
Catalogs map service offerings to specific groups. Publishing a service offering in a catalog makes the offering visible in
the Service Portal to the groups associated with the catalog. You can publish a service offering in multiple catalogs to make it
visible to more than one set of consumers.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
203
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.