Request vs. Incident
In planning your IT Service Management (ITSM) solution, it's important to understand the differences between Service Request
Management and Incident Management, as well as the types of processes served by each discipline. I know that users are
often confused by these two types of management, so I want to clearly describe their differences to you.
The overall goal of ITSM is to provide a business service that provides meaningful value to the users of that service.  It's
important not only to define the service itself, but also several important sub-processes that the consumers have access to
such as:
How can someone become a user of the service?
How can someone stop being a user of the service?
How can someone ask questions about the usage of the service?
How can someone make a complaint about the service?
How can someone get help on an issue they are having with the service?
How can someone request a modification to how they are using/receiving the service?
How can someone can make a suggestion on how to improve the service?
All of the above are part of the overall service definition.  The IT department expects the service consumers to use these
processes as part of the day-to-day operation and consumption of the service.
From these questions we can derive the high level definition of the Service Request Management process. 
These activities can be defined at a high level as either Service Requests or Support Requests. 
Service Requests are the set of pre-defined activities that can be performed against the service itself (such as increasing the
size of a standard email mailbox, requesting additional memory for a virtual machine, or resetting a password for a specific
application).  Service Requests will usually require the same type of information from the user each time (such as a user id or
application name), and often lend themselves to automation.
Support Requests, on the other hand, encompass those requests that haven't been pre-defined or even expected by the
service owner.  This can include questions, suggestions or even complaints.  For many of these, a good Knowledge Base will
allow a consumer to find answers on their own to their questions.  This removes the need for a service desk agent to manually
respond to the request. 
However, many times a support request involves a perceived issue that a user is having with the service.  Here we start to see
some confusion over whether the issue should be processed by the Service Request or Incident Management department.  To
clearly see where the issue belongs, we can compare the definition we have above with our definition of Incident Management:
It's important to note that an issue that impacts the operation of a service may or may not be reported by a service
consumer.  For most hardware or application issues, the incident will most likely be created directly by the service provider
either manually or by some type of event management software.  However, for those Incidents that were either reported by a
service consumer, or for those that affected a consumer that then reported it via a Service Request, both processes (IM and
SRM) will need to be followed.  To understand this we need to look at the end goal of each process.
The line between the two processes becomes more clearly defined at this point.  Using these definitions, one of the easiest
ways to help determine if an issue needs to be handled by Incident Management is simply to determine whether or not the
issue could affect the availability of the service as defined in any Service Level Agreements.  While this isn't the only
determination that we might use, if the answer to this question is "yes" then the issue in question needs to be handled within
Incident Management.
Here are some examples that might be encountered, and which processes should be followed for each:
Example
Processes
Comments
Service Request Management encompasses the consumer-facing processes that make up the
expected, day to day activities involved in providing a service to an individual or group.
Incident Management encompasses the processes used by the service provider to track and resolve
any issue that impacts the ability of a user to consume the service.
The goal of Service Request Management is to ensure that the user can consume the service to their satisfaction.
The goal of Incident Management is to restore normal operation of a service as quickly as possible.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
384
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.