Dev2Prod
Making the system configuration changes on the development tenant
Once we have our development tenant created, we can make our system configuration changes. To remind you, this includes
changes to the following areas:
Records -> Fields
Records -> Forms
Records -> Rules
Records -> Processes
Records -> Notifications
Records -> Custom actions
Records -> Global search
Lists
Roles
Localization (for field labels, notifications, etc.)
SLT settings
We also need to ensure that we perform adequate testing after we make our changes. Once certain system Configuration
changes have been made, such as adding a field to the system, it may be impossible to remove. This is why we need to review
all of our changes and test them thoroughly before moving them on to Production.
This results in the most effective Dev2Prod changes being small and self-contained. Large-scale changes affected multiple
areas of the system should be avoided unless absolutely necessary. Smaller, agile changes are more effective and carry much
lower risk.
Exporting the system configuration changes
After our system configuration changes have been performed and tested in the development tenant, it's time to export them.
The export is performed by the 'Package Management' utility which may be found in the 'Administration' section of the Service
Management Automation X menu. From there we can select the 'Export' option.
While the export is taking place, Service Management Automation X displays the system configuration changes and the
number of records in each type. Note that this isn't a count of what has been changed, but rather all of the records in this
area. Therefore even if we only make a single change there will be many records included in the export.
It's important to leave the browser we are using open until the export has completed. If the browser closes during the export
process, we need to restart the export process from the beginning (after we log in again) to ensure we get a clean export.
The actual export will download to our computer as a .pkb file named “user-customization-<current date/time
information>.pkb” (where <current date/time information> will be replaced by a representation of the current date and time).
Importing into the production system
The development of new system configuration changes can take time, over which some changes to the production system will
take place. New data configuration changes may be created or old ones modified. It's important to ensure our new system
configuration changes will not cause any conflicts before importing them into Production.
To ensure our changes will import smoothly, we first need to simulate the system configuration import. Why are we simulating
it before we actually load the import? Well, there is a chance that there were other changes made on production while we
were performing our development, and those changes might not be compatible with ours. Now, with proper planning and
administration, the chances of this are very low. However, if someone else had created their own system configuration export
as part of a separate Dev2Prod process, this could happen. Therefore it's very important to share the planning and
implementation schedules of any system configuration changes in our Service Management Automation X system with all of
the administrators and developers.
To perform the simulation, once again we access the 'Package Management' utility from the main menu. This time we will
select the 'Simulate import' option. The system will then prompt for the location of our system configuration package. Once we
supply that information, Service Management Automation X will analyze the package and report its findings (this might take a
Dev2Prod
Service Management Automation X provides a standard process for moving system configuration changes from a
development system to production. This process, named Dev2Prod, provides a structured procedure designed to
minimize risk to the production environment. We can use an analogy where the system configuration represents
the roads that the data configuration changes drive on. We can't move or change the roads at any time, as that
would cause chaos for the drivers. Instead, we have a well-defined process that allows us to create the changes in
a separate system and then move them when there are no drivers on the road. In order to properly move the
system configuration data, the following steps should be followed:
System configuration changes are made and tested on the dev system
The changes are exported as a package using the package management utility
On Production, the package management utility is used to import the configuration package


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
228
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.