Day 1 or day 2 installation?
SMAX offers product capabilities as described in the following table. During the suite installation, you can select which product
capabilities to install. For each new installation ("day 1 installation"), the 
Service Management Automation
(SMA)
 capability is mandatory, and the rest are optional. You can choose to install all needed capabilities through day 1
installation or install partial capabilities through day 1 installation and then optionally install more after day 1 (that is, through
"day 2 installation"). 
The day 2 installation functionality gives you the flexibility to install product capabilities at different time points and
allows you to install new capabilities introduced in the current release after upgrading from the previous release. The day 1
and day 2 installation processes are similar. The 
Service Management Automation (SMA)
 capability is mandatory for each
new installation, and the other ones (also referred to as "add-on capabilities") are optional in a new installation. You can install
add-on capabilities at a later time from the OPTIC Management Toolkit (OMT) Management Portal after the suite is installed,
and you can also use this mechanism to install new capabilities introduced in the current release after upgrading from a
previous release.
Product
capability
Description
Notes
Service
Management
Automation
(SMA)
Provides the core business functionality of SMAX: Service Management (the
agent interface), Service Portal (self-service user interface), and Suite
Administration (suite administrator interface). 
Mandatory for all new
installations
Service
Manager
Portal
Service
(SMPS)
Services required to integrate an external Service Manager system with SMA
Service Portal.
Mandatory for
SMA-SM
 customers
Needed only for
SMAX customers
who want to
additionally deploy
one or more
Service Manager
tenants
Design and
Deploy
(DND)
SMAX Cloud Management offers the DND capability. The DND capability
enables customers to make new cloud service offerings based on published
service designs available to consumers. 
Image Aggregation and Content Store capabilities are part of DND.
Image Aggregation (IA) showcases cloud service templates from the
marketplace portals of AWS, Microsoft Azure, and vCenter. As a cloud business
service manager, you can use the Aggregator to instantly create and offer new
services from these templates without having to create an automation asset.
Content Store enables customers to download the latest content packages or
capsules published on the ITOM Marketplace and use the Content Store to
easily install them into the HCMX suite. Customers can also use the Content
Store to install custom content packages or capsules.
For Cloud
Management
Optional for SMAX
customers
Requires a
separate HCMX
license
Cost
Governance
and
Resource
Optimization
(CGRO)
CGRO enables you to optimize your cloud spending and simplify configuration
with various Cloud providers. With CGRO, you can review your public cloud
costs to get a clearer understanding of your activity and usage of public cloud
resources.
Note
: the CGRO installation has a dependency on DND. If you select CGRO,
you must select DND as well.
For Cloud
Management
Optional for SMAX
customers
Requires a
separate HCMX
license
Has a dependency
on DND
Software
Asset
Management
(SAM)
With the hardware and software data discovered by UD and license data
retrieved from SMAX, the new SAM capability enables you to calculate and
analyze license compliance for the software applications that you are using in
your organization. This will reduce the risk of non-compliance and improve
visibility into your financial and operational decisions.
Optional for SMAX
customers
Native SACM or traditional CMS integration?
SMAX can work with CMS to manage configuration items in your environment. CMS consists of Universal CMDB and Universal
Discovery. To learn more about CMS, see 
Configuration Management System
. 
CMS ships with the following editions:
Classic CMS: an executable for Windows (.exe) or Linux (.bin) installation, installed as a standalone application in a classic
(non-containerized) manner
Containerized CMS: a Helm charts package, installed as a standalone application on the same OMT instance as SMAX
Which edition to use depends on how you want SMAX to integrate with CMS: through the 
Native SACM solution
,
or through 
traditional OPB-based integration
. 
Native SACM
This is the recommended solution. To learn more, see 
Get started with Native SACM
. 
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
539
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.