Converged authorization
Converged authorization is a solution that enables the tenant admin to manage users, roles, and groups for additional
capabilities such as Cloud Management (DND, CGRO, and Content Store), UCMDB, and Operations Orchestration (OO), from
one single user interface – the SMAX agent interface. Normally, the tenant admin assigns roles to groups and then adds users
to groups so that users can inherit the role permissions from the groups. 
This topic explains how the solution works, best practices for using the solution, and how to migrate existing tenants to this
solution. 
How it works
The following explains how the solution works.
Roles
In the agent interface, roles have an attribute named Application. When creating a new role, you need to specify a value for
the following fields:
Name
: the display name of the role. When replicating roles from the agent interface to IdM, the system maps this field to
the Display name field of the role in IdM. 
Code
: this field is used for mapping. When replicating roles from the agent interface to IdM, the system maps this field to
the Name field of the role in IdM. Note that the 
Code
 field doesn't allow space or any of the following special
characters: 
@;:=&<>#{}|`^~%'?"/[]
.
Application
: can be one of the values listed in the following table. The Application field identifies the capability to which
the role belongs. These capabilities are either installed together with SMAX or installed separately; however, they have
something in common – sharing the same IdM with SMAX. 
When you enable Native SACM, DND, and OO in Suite Administration, the system automatically replicates the seeded
roles and groups for CMS, DND (DND and Content Store), and OO from IdM to the agent interface.
Application field
value
Capability
Notes
SMAX
SMAX
Indicates it's a SMAX role, which is used to access the agent interface and Service
Portal. 
CMDB
Universal
Discovery and
CMDB
(UCMDB)
Indicates it's a CMS role, which is used to access classic or containerized CMS
installed for 
Native SACM
. 
DND
Design and
Deploy (DND)
Indicates it's a 
DND
 role. DND is used for Cloud Management. 
CGRO
Cost
Governance
and Resource
Optimization
Indicates it's a 
CGRO
 role. CGRO is used for Cloud Management.
Note
When you enable DND in Suite Administration, the system creates seeded roles and groups only for DND
and Content Store, not for CGRO. 
There's a strict rule that roles can't and mustn't be shared between capabilities.
 


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
389
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.