Using Discovery for Configuration Control, Verification, and Audit
Having the configuration item information in Service Management Automation X gives us the ability to follow our configuration
control process (with change management as a primary driver) and the verification and audit processes. But how do we get
the information into the system to begin with? I guess we could hire a bunch of interns to walk around asking questions and
entering the information manually, but that doesn’t seem efficient.
Universal Discovery
An automated discovery product gives us a means to populate our configuration item information. There are multiple products
on the market that use a variety of methods to capture the information about our service assets and configuration items and
map the relationships between these elements. Some of the most advanced versions of these tools can even discover and
model our business services and applications. 
Micro Focus
 Universal Discovery is one of these highly advanced discovery tools
we will use to model and discover the IT infrastructure we use to deliver our services to our customers.
Unlike network-oriented discovery products or asset inventory products, 
Micro Focus
 Universal Discovery explores assets and
configuration items (CIs) from layer 2 through layer 7 of the Open Systems Interconnection model, as well as deep-device and
application-specific information. It also explores and maps the relationships between these elements beyond the traditional
uses and contains relationship types.
Now, I really don’t understand all of the words in the above paragraph. I just copied what was in the product brochure. But
what I do know is how excited our IT personnels were when they saw what the product could do and how quickly and easily it
created a detailed map of our infrastructure. Now what we need is a place to put all of this data.
UCMDB
Micro Focus
 Universal CMDB is a configuration management database solution which — in concert with Universal Discovery —
collects and manages accurate and updated business service definitions, associated infrastructure relationships and detailed
information on the assets, and acts as a central component in many of the key process in an IT organization. The UCMDB is the
central storage component for our configuration items and handles the reconciliation needed when using multiple data sources
or discovery tools.
UCMDB is a default tool in the Service Management Automation X suite, so we can always have the latest up-to-date
information at our fingertips. Whether we are looking at incidents, changes, or other processes inside of SMAX, the UCMDB will
provide all the supporting information our agents need to make the correct decisions.
If our agents need any specific information or details, they can launch the UCMDB browser with a single click. As an example,
our agent might want to see what a certain configuration item looked like in the past. As the information inside of the standard
agent interface reflects the latest status of a CI, launching out to the UCMDB browser would allow the agent to investigate the
configuration over time, which might help them when investigating an ongoing incident.
Setting up SACM
There isn’t much that we need to do in order to “set up” the SACM module. Service Management Automation X defines all the
configuration item types and attributes for us, and the UCMDB is ready to go out of the box.
There are only two options we need to concern ourselves with, which are both specified in the 'SACM configuration' option
from the main SACM screen.
First, we need to specify whether we want our agents to have the authority to launch a remote desktop connection when
viewing the information of a Windows computer (if they are also on a Windows computer). If we do, we need to set the 'Enable
RDP' check-box to true. This will add a 'Remote Connection' button to the toolbar when viewing a Windows computer.
Second, if we are taking full advantage of the UCMDB, we need enable it and tell Service Management Automation X the URL
of the UCMDB browser. This will add a button to the configuration items to show their information in the UCMDB browser.
The out-of-the-box integration inside of Service Management Automation X will synchronize the configuration items based on
predefined mapping information. This should be enough to meet our process needs, but if it isn’t we can to create our own
customized mapping and bring in the exact attributes we need.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
201
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.