When the system provisions a CMS customer, the CMS out-of-the-box (OOTB) roles with CMS built-in permissions are
automatically seeded in IdM. Since CMS doesn't have out-of-the-box groups, for each CMS customer, the suite admin needs to
create a CMS admin group in IdM and associate both the CMS out-of-the-box 
SuperAdmin 
role and the tenant admin user to
this group, so that the SMAX tenant admin can access CMS with the highest privilege of this CMS customer. When the suite
admin enables Native SACM for the tenant, SMAX automatically replicates the seeded CMS OOTB roles and the CMS admin
group from IdM to the agent interface. For more information, see 
CMS user management overview
.
When performing user authorization management tasks in the agent interface
When you perform typical user authorization management tasks listed in the 
Best practices
 section below in the agent
interface, the system replicates the roles and groups and their relationships to IdM. The users are already available in IDM.
Furthermore, the system also pushes all the relationships of users, groups, and roles to IdM.
Best practices
Normally, the out-of-the-box roles and groups for the additional capabilities can satisfy your business needs; if they can't, you
must create custom roles from the agent interface, and the system replicates them to IdM at the same time. The created roles
are prefixed with their Application value, so that you can easily identify which capability each role belongs to.
Typical tasks in the agent interface
As a best practice, always use the agent interface to create and manage roles and groups. The following are typical tasks you
can perform in the agent interface:
Create or update groups
Create roles
Update role permissions (SMAX roles only)
Add or remove persons to/from groups (see 
this section
 for exceptions)
Add or remove roles to/from groups
Add or remove roles to/from persons
Add or remove groups to/from persons (in the 
Group membership
 section) 
Permission assignment
You assign permissions for SMAX and the additional capabilities as follows. 
Note: 
 The CMS admin group is associated with the
 [CMDB] SuperAdmin 
role so that the SMAX tenant
admin can have the highest privilege of this CMS customer. Don't use the 
[CMDB] TenantAdmin 
role as this is
for the UCMDB tenants, which correspond to the SMAX data domains instead of the SMAX tenants.


Caution 
If you create roles or groups directly from the IdM Admin Portal, the system stores them only in IdM,
which causes data inconsistency between IdM and the tenant. 


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
392
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.