Attachments
Introduction
Service Management Automation X provides 
REST
 APIs that can be used to execute a variety of commands. This chapter
describes using the Add Attachment API that is part of the Case Exchange integration to add an attachment to a record.
This process is comprised of two separate actions that must be performed. The first is to add the attachment into the Service
Management Automation X system. The second is to take the result of the first step and use that information to update the
actual record with the attachment information, which adds the attachment to that record.
Before reading this chapter you should review the following:
Configuring and Using the Postman REST Client
Importing Users into Service Management Automation X
This chapter will cover:
The Case Exchange Attachments API URL
Setting the Request Headers
Creating the Request Body
Reviewing the Results
Replacing the attachments of an Incident
Adding an attachment to an Incident
Adding a file as an attachment
Creating the REST body using JAVA
Step #1 — Adding the Attachment to Service Management Automation X
The Case Exchange API URL uses the format https://<MasterNode>/rest/<tenantId>/ces/attachment. To access the API using
the PostmanREST client, set the action to “POST” and enter the URL, then add the relevant information to the body of the
request.
Setting the Request Headers
The ‘Headers’ section must contain two specific headers. The ‘Content-Type’ will be set to ‘multipart/form-
data;boundary=YYYY’. The boundary in this example is set to “YYYY”, but any unique boundary may be used. Any change to
this boundary must be reflected in the body of the request (see section below).
The ‘User-Agent’ will be set to ‘Apache-HttpClient/4.4.1’. This allows Postman to pass the authorization to Service Management
Automation X based on a logged in UI session. There must be a logged in SMA-X session (to the same tenant as the REST
request is targeted) for the Postman request to work successfully.
Creating the Request Body
To create the body of the request, select the ‘Body’ tab and choose the ’raw’ option within the Postman interface. The Body of
the Request must contain:
The filename of the attachment
The type of the attachment
The attachment contents
The body is enclosed by the boundary specified in the Content-Type of the request, with two dashes before the first instance of
the boundary, and two dashes before and after the second instance. If a different boundary token was used in the previous
step, the ‘YYYY’ boundary must be replaced with that token in the example below.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
323
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.