Knowledge
Knowledge Articles
Knowledge is more centrally featured in SMAX than other service management tools. For end users, Knowledge Articles are an
integral part of the Service Catalog, giving answers and direction without the need to directly address a service desk agent. For
the agents, the Articles are integrated directly into their UI, showing possible solutions to a user's issue without having to leave
the screen they are working on.
The existing knowledge in Service Manager is a critical piece of the Evolving to SMAX process. Bringing this asset into the
SMAX system is extremely important, and tools have been created to assist in this process. Before this process is performed, it
is suggested to review the existing Knowledge Documents to determine if any do not belong in the new system. In order to
move the documents from Service Manager to SMAX, follow the two steps listed below:
☐ 
Export knowledge documents from Service Manager
Knowledge articles from Service Manager may be exported and packaged to prepare them for importing into SMAX
using utilities created for this purpose. These utilities and instructions on how to use them may be found here:
Export knowledge articles from Service Manager
☐ 
Import knowledge documents into SMAX
For the import phase, please see:
Import knowledge article packages
Creating Knowledge from transactional records
It is strongly recommended that transactional records from Service Manager (Incidents, Changes, etc.) are not moved to the
new SMAX system. In order to keep any important information from these records that might help solve or speed in the
resolution of future transactions, subject matter experts should example these records and create Knowledge from them
(either in Service Manager before knowledge is moved or directly in SMAX). This will allow the information to be used in the
future without adding complexity to the SMA Evolution process.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
249
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.