SACM Details
Using Service Asset and Configuration Management
Earlier, we saw how SACM and the service portfolio combined to give us a comprehensive picture of the services we provide
and all the configuration items that make up those services. Defining our services and their components is the first step in our
ongoing process. Ensuring that we keep those services running well and improving them over time will take more work.
Service Management Automation X’s service and configuration management module provides the repository for all the
components (the configuration items) that make up our services. This repository supports the primary functions of the SACM
process:
Configuration Identification - it gives us the ability to enter all the information for our configuration items, including
specific information on the type of CI, all relevant attributes, and relationships to other CIs.
Configuration Control - we need to ensure that no configuration items are added or changed without the required
authorization and make sure that all changes are accurately recorded. This process is aided by change management to
control changes to our environment.
Configuration Verification and Audit - we need to check to ensure that the information we have in Service Management
Automation X matches the actual state of our production environment.
General information about SACM in Service Management Automation X can also be found in the 
online documentation
.
Configuration Identification
SACM
The primary focus of Service Asset and Configuration Management is to maintain information about all the
configuration items required to deliver an IT service. This includes specific information about each configuration
item and the relationships between multiple CIs.
There are multiple sub-processes within the overall SACM process, each with their own objectives:
• Configuration Identification - define and maintain the underlying structure of the CMS (configuration
management system) via the configuration model so it may contain all the information regarding configuration
items. This includes specifying the attributes that describe all CI types and their components and defining their
relationships to other CIs and CI types.
• Configuration Control - ensure that no changes are made to configuration items (including adding new CIs)
without the proper authorization and procedures and ensure that all changes made are properly recorded in the
CMS.
• Configuration Verification and Audit - perform regular checks to ensure that the information in the CMS
accurately represents the configuration items installed in the production environment.
Service Management Automation X provides the starting configuration model and may be used as the primary
configuration management system. Alternatively, an external configuration management database may be used
as the primary CMS and integrate with Service Management Automation X to provide a copy of the CI information
for all SMAX processes. This information is vital in many areas of Service Management Automation X, including
(but not limited to):
• Identifying the impact of requested changes
• Providing diagnostic information to the service desk to help in resolve incidents or problems


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
199
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.