Field
Description
address
URL of the REST endpoint. The <> notations indicate values that you must substitute in the
URL.
hostName
The external hostname of ESM.
tenantId
The ID of the ESM tenant on which IaCGw is deployed and enabled.
stateName
The unique name of the Terraform state to be stored in IaCGw. The 
stateName
 must also be
a valid URI path and can’t contain forward slashes.
lock_address
URL of the lock REST endpoint.
unlock_address
URL of the unlock REST endpoint.
lock_method
The HTTP method to use when locking.
unlock_method
The HTTP method to use when unlocking.
username
The username of the HTTP basic authentication. This user must be a member of the 
DND
Administrators
 group. The username format: 
<tenantId>/<username>
. 
password
The password for HTTP basic authentication. The recommended approach is using the
environment variable “TF_HTTP_PASSWORD” to pass in the password to the configuration file
HTTP Backend section.
skip_cert_verification
Whether to skip TLS verification.
After adding the required HTTP backend configuration to your Terraform plan file, run the 
terraform init 
command to
configure Terraform to use IaCGw as the Terraform state backend for this configuration file. After running 
terraform init
, you
can use the standard 
terraform plan
, 
terraform apply
, and 
terraform destroy
 commands for this configuration file, with
IaC Gateway serving as the state backend. The first time the Terraform state is saved into IaCGw, the scaffolding creation
process discussed in the "Enablement of IaC Gateway" section automatically occurs.
Using the IaCGw "Request On Behalf" functionality
IaCGw also supports the concept of Request On Behalf of another user. This feature allows a request to be made on behalf of
another user, resulting in the ESM resources being associated with the other user. For example, you would have a service
account make the request on behalf of another user. To enable this, you would pass in another query parameter on the
address field in the Terraform HTTP backend configurations to specify the user. In the example below, the
RequestUsername
 value of 
OnBehalfOfUser
 must be a valid ESM service portal user. The username must be a user that's
a member of the 
DND Administrators
 group. See the example below for the HTTP Backend configuration section of your
Terraform configuration file.
Optional step: configure a basic IaCGw subscription report
To make basic subscription reports visible within the agent interface, you can create a report within ESM based on the IaC
Service Definition. Below are the steps to configure an IaCGw subscription report.
1
. 
As the tenant admin, log in to the agent interface within ESM.
2
. 
Navigate to 
Reports
.
Note
 In the example above, the given Terraform state name,  
demoVcenter 
is locked to an owner the first
time we save the state as that user. The owner is either the OnBehalfOfUser if specified, or if not specified, is the
username provided in the HTTP backend block.


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
500
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.