Update some system configurations
Role
Location
Privileges required
System administrator
All control plane nodes, all worker nodes, and all NFS nodes
Root or sudo
The 
node_prereq 
script is a tool to install packages, check or configure certain system parameters required by OPTIC
Management Toolkit (OMT). If you run this script on all your control plane nodes, worker nodes, and NFS servers, the script will
perform the steps described in the topics below. 
Topics
Ensure the localhost is resolved to 127.0.0.1
Set the system parameters
Install the prerequisite packages
Check the SSH configurations
Check the default gateway setting
Check the host name on every node
Synchronize time
The 
node_prereq 
script automates the steps. If you get a warning message or an error message after running
the 
node_prereq
 script, refer to the relevant topic to fix the issues. If you decide not to use the 
node_prereq 
script and configure
the parameters manually, follow all the topics mentioned in the table above.
Copy the script to each node
1
. 
Copy the 
<OMT_Embedded_K8s_202x.xx.00xxx>/node_prereq
 script from the first control plane node to the 
/tmp
 directory on
each of the remaining nodes (control plane nodes, worker nodes, and NFS server). 
2
. 
Navigate to the directory that contains the 
node_prereq
 script, and then run the following command to add the executive
permission: 
chmod +x node_prereq
Run the script on each node
You can use the 
node_prereq
 script to complete the following configuration tasks:
Ensure the localhost is resolved to 127.0.0.1 (using the 
--etc-hosts
 command option)
Check and set the system parameters (using the 
--sys-param
 command option)
Install the prerequisite packages (using 
--install-pkg
 command option)
The following table lists the commands for the control plane nodes, worker nodes, and NFS server.
Node
Command
Control plane node
./node_prereq -T master --etc-hosts --sys-param --install-pkg
Worker node
./node_prereq -T worker --etc-hosts --sys-param --install-pkg
NFS server
./node_prereq -T nfs --etc-hosts --sys-param --install-pkg
Manually enable swap
The suite installation requires that swap be enabled on the control plane nodes and worker nodes because running the cluster
nodes with swap on will significantly reduce the memory requirements for the small, medium and large deployment sizes.
Comprehensive performance benchmark and reliability tests have been performed, which indicate that running SMA cluster
nodes with swap on has no obvious impact on performance or stability.
Note:
 This topic contains legacy terms that aren't yet fully removed from OMT. Instances of “master” in this
topic refer to the control plane or to the control plane nodes.
Important:
 Make sure a yum repository has been set up correctly on the server because the 
node_prereq
 script
depends on the 
yum 
command to install the related packages. Contact your IT administrator for help if a yum
repository hasn't been set up correctly on your server.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
631
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.