SMAX/SM Dual Mode
Introduction
While Service Manager (SM) and Service Management Automation X (SMAX) are both end-to-end, stand-alone, solutions for IT
and Extended Service Management, they can also be used together. Customers looking for a modern self-service portal while
leveraging the Service Manager request catalog can deploy the SMA Service Portal with Service Manager; this deployment
combination is called “Mixed Mode” for short. Customers looking to transform the entire Service Request process, that is, the
Self-service Portal, Service Catalog, End-user Knowledge Management, and Service Request functions, can deploy SMAX with
Service Manager for the remaining processes such as Incident, Problem, and Change; this deployment combination is called
“Dual Mode” for short. Mixed and Dual Modes are considered by customers looking to improve the self-service experience,
advance the entire service request process, revamp the service catalog, or transition to SMAX.
SM unloads and accompanying documentation are provided for setting up SM and SMAX systems for use in Dual Mode. The
information, as well as “recipes” for setting up SMAX catalog offerings for fulfillment in either Request or Incident Management
in Service Center, may be found at the following link: 
https://marketplace.microfocus.com/itom/content/dual-mode-recipe
What is Dual Mode?
Using Dual Mode, the entire Service Request Management process is run inside SMAX. This includes the Self-service Portal,
Service Catalog, Knowledge Management, and Service Request functions. All configuration for these processes (specifically
Service Catalog) is done within SMAX.
The remaining processes are handled with Service Manager. This includes Incident, Problem, and Change.
When a Service Request Management process would create a related Incident, Problem, or Change (or any other process
handled in SM), the information is passed from SMAX to SM using the Case Exchange capabilities shared by the two products.
This exchange is bi-directional, so the necessary information (such as the status of the related process) is passed back to
SMAX when needed.
Dual Mode vs. Mixed Mode
While both Mixed and Dual mode improve the self-service experience for the end-user, they have unique advantages
depending on the overall goal.
Customers that are highly invested in Service Manager and only want an improved Self-service Portal should focus on Mixed
Mode. In mixed mode, all configuration is done within SM (including the Service Catalog) and the actual Service Request
Management is performed in SM as well. 
If a customer is interested in moving to SMAX over time, Dual Mode is an attractive option. The Service Request Management
processes are all within SMAX, taking advantage of the modern UI and containerized backend infrastructure. While the other
processes exist in SM at the beginning, they can be moved one by one until all processes exist only in SMAX.
 
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
245
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.