You can create, update, or restore your tenant key chain to support encrypted fields in the tenant (Service Management
> 
Administration > Configuration > Application Settings
). The encrypted fields usually contain sensitive data, such
as user options using the 
Encrypted String
 field type and the passwords for an aggregation provider in the provider
configuration page.
The 
Numeric
 field type for user options is replaced by the 
Double
 field type. The behavior of the new 
Double
 field type
is the same as the original 
Numeric
 field type. In addition, a new field type, 
Integer
, is added.
SMAX can search and access knowledge articles from a SharePoint Online instance, in addition to on-premises SharePoint.
For details, see 
Index knowledge articles from SharePoint Online
.
Installation, upgrade, and system maintenance
Installation
:
The Demo and Extra Small deployment sizes are obsoleted, and no longer available for new installations.  If your
deployment size is Extra Small, the suite can continue to work after upgrading to version 2020.05; however, we
strongly recommend you to scale up to Small or a larger size.
The suite's embedded PostgreSQL has been changed from a high-availability cluster to single-node PostgreSQL. For
more information, see 
Migrate from internal PGHA to internal single-node PostgreSQL
.
Upgrade
: SMA 2020.02.001 or a later patch must be applied before you can upgrade the suite to this release. Apply the
patch before the CDF upgrade (which is recommended); if you forget to do this, you still have a chance to apply the patch
before the suite upgrade. 
System maintenance
: the 
SMA Support Assistant
 provides a stable runtime platform for running SMA maintenance
tools such as SMA Doctor, for both embedded kubernetes and managed kubernetes deployments. 
2020.02
Custom domain
Suite administrators can specify a custom fully qualified domain name (custom domain) per tenant, instead of using the
same external access host name in all tenant URLs. This is especially useful for customers running SMAX in an MSP
environment or large organizations that need to use multiple domains for accessing SMAX.
Users can use the following URL to access their tenant: https://<custom domain>. This eliminates the need to type a
tenant ID.
For information about the limitations of this feature, as well as instructions on how to configure custom domains for SMAX
tenants, see 
Configure custom domains for tenants
.
Managing users in tenants
This feature enables the tenant admin to manage users in the agent interface and reduces the suite admin's effort of user
maintenance. After the suite admin enables the 
Manage users in tenant
 setting in Suite Administration, the tenant admin
can unlock users, trigger password reset emails, and create users in the agent interface of the tenant.
For more information, see the "How to manage users in the tenant" section in 
Users and contacts
.
Consolidating tuning settings
Tuning related application settings affecting shared infrastructure (such as database, NFS storage, memory and so on) are now
moved from Service Management to Suite Administration. Therefore, the suite admin can do the configurations for tenants by
considering impact on the entire suite.
Scheduled purge of closed transaction records
This feature enables tenant admins to delete closed transaction records from SMAX. This feature is useful especially for
customers who need to automatically purge old records from their system for compliance of legal requirements such as GDPR
requirements.
For more information, see the "Enable purge" section in 
Application settings
.
Extended data domain segmentation
Data domain segmentation in SMAX has been extended from a number of main record types (Task/Approval, Article, Change,
Incident, Problem, Request, and Service Level Target) to the following reference record types: Person, Group, Company,
Location, Record Category, and Contract.
For more information, see 
Data domain segmentation
 and 
Data domain segmentation - use cases
.
Cc and Bcc in email notifications
SMAX enables agent users to specify Cc and Bcc recipients in email notifications. This includes manual email notifications sent
by clicking the 
Send by email
 menu option from a record, and automatic email notifications sent by the following new
business rules: 
Send notification with cc and bcc recipients
 and 
Send comment notification with cc and bcc
recipients
.
For more information, see 
Action rule examples
.
Service Portal enhancement
If you want to navigate external URLs from Service Portal, please add the trusted domains to the approved list
in 
Application Settings
 > 
Authorized domains for navigation
. If you type "*" in the field, it means all domains are
trusted by the system; If you leave this field blank, it means no domain is trusted by the system.
The 
Services and Assets
 page is refactored to enhance usability.
Previously both CIs and subscriptions are displayed in the same view and grouped by CI subtype. Now you can see
two tabs in the 
Services and Assets
 page, one for subscriptions and one for CIs.
The system displays CIs and subscriptions in all statuses including 
Retired
, 
Canceled
, 
Ended
, 
Expired
, and so on.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
124
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.