Get started with Native SACM
Native SACM is one single solution for the entire Service Asset & Configuration Management (SACM) process with instant
access to the data and embedded graphical widgets for CI topology representation.
Instead of a loosely coupled and single-directional data replication, Native SACM is a natively connected solution that enables
bi-directional data federation between SMA and CMS.
Comparison
Native SACM is optional. You may have no integration, continue to use the integration with UCMDB based on OPB, use Native
SACM, or use a custom integration. 
SMAX without UCMDB 
SMAX with UCMDB based on OPB 
SMAX with Native SACM 
It's difficult to manually
keep models up to
date. 
Scheduled data synchronization to SMAX. 
Real-time data federation for up-to-date services
and inventory. 
Unidirectional data flow from UCMDB to
SMAX. 
Bi-directional data flow. 
Limited CI types supported out-of-the-box.
Other CI types can be added with
customization. 
Limited CI types are federated. 
Service model and CI topology can be
maintained in SMAX and UCMDB. 
One service model and CI topology. 
End-to-End lifecycle from asset to CI. 
Auditing including federated attributes. 
Enriched CI information. 
Configurable CI topology and impact rules. 
Codeless extension of CI attributes and
codeless configurability of business rules for
federated data. 
Use cases
This section lists common use cases covered by Native SACM. These are examples only to give an overview and are not meant
to be complete. 
Bi-directional data exchange 
Services or CIs created in SMAX are now directly created in UCMDB without any delay. Any CIs created in UCMDB, for example,
via discovery, are available in SMAX in real-time. 
Any changes of the data on either side are reflected immediately. 
Service/CI topology 
With Native SACM, the Service/CI topology is driven by UCMDB's powerful modeling capabilities. All Service/CI relations are
kept in one place and are consistently used in SMAX. With Native SACM, the topologies can be modified based on the TQLs
defined in UCMDB. Customers are now able to view the topology without restrictions in SMAX.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
138
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.