Go to 
DEPLOYMENT
 > 
Deployments
, and then locate the installed suite instance. Check that the deployment status
is 
Installed
, and click the More Actions icon to make sure that the 
Change
 option is available. If the deployment
status is 
Installing
 or the 
Change
 option isn't available, the installer failed to perform the post-installation actions.
2
. 
Log in to a control plane node as the root user or a sudo user.
3
. 
Run the following command to get the namespace of the suite:
kubectl get ns
For each suite installation, OMT assigns a namespace of "itsma-xxxxx" (xxxxx refers to a randomly generated string).
Note that you can also enable tab completion of the suite namespace so that you can skip this step and use the Tab key
on your keyboard to automatically complete the suite namespace. For details, see 
Enable tab completion of the suite
namespace
.
4
. 
Run the following command to make sure that all the suite pods are ready.
kubectl get pod --all-namespaces|grep -v 1/1|grep -v 2/2|grep -v 3/3|grep -v 4/4|grep -v Completed
This command returns a list of abnormal pods. When it returns no results, all the suite pods are ready. If any pods aren't
ready, see 
Troubleshoot installation
.
There are a few other commands that you can run to find if the suite has been installed successfully and is running
correctly.
Run the command “
kubectl describe node
” to display system information for the control plane nodes and worker
nodes. The information will show if the CPU, memory, or hard drive space is insufficient.  Messages indicating problems
will be visible so that you can make any needed adjustments.
In order to make sure that the platform and the suite installation has completed, run “
kubectl get pods --all-
namespaces
”. The output will list all the pods and their status.  If the pods are listed as “running” then they were
successfully installed.  If the pods are listed in any other states, such as “CrashLoopBackOff” or “Error”, there is most
likely an issue. 
5
. 
Clear your browser cache.
6
. 
Verify that you can log in to the Suite Administration interface:
https://<EXTERNAL_ACCESS_HOST>/bo (user name: 
suite-admin
; password: specified during the suite installation)
The suite installation is now complete. You can continue with 
post-installation tasks
.        
Related topics
Next topic: 
(Optional) Set up Access Server for a DMZ network
Previous topic: 
Prepare the control plane nodes and worker nodes
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
687
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.