Change Management
Using Change Management
Now that we have our services defined and have performed the hard work of mapping out all of their components and
relationships, let’s just change everything, right? Unfortunately, that's how it feels sometimes. As the needs of our consumers
change and grow, and new requirements bring the need for new systems and services, our IT infrastructure changes. What we
need is a way to keep up with and control these changes.
In order to control our IT environment, we shouldn’t allow any change to our existing infrastructure without some kind of
documentation and approval process. Otherwise, we could negatively (and perhaps drastically) affect the services we are
providing to our end users and customers.
Luckily, we have change management and the change process. This process allows changes to the IT infrastructure to keep up
with demand in a controlled way. Using it, we can evaluate the need for a specific change and weigh the possible benefits
against the risk of unforeseen issues it might create. Additionally, we can define an approval process that won't let any change
happen without the right stakeholders giving it the go-ahead.
It also allows us to create a more standardized method of making these changes, and when we get good enough at a certain
type of change, we can bypass the upfront evaluation and approval process. Even better, we can automate some or all of a
Change Management
Changes to IT infrastructure may be necessary to respond to problems or externally imposed requirements and to
improve efficiency and effectiveness of existing services. The change management process ensures that
standardized methods, processes, and procedures are used for all changes to facilitate efficient and safe handling
of all changes to the infrastructure, and is used to determine that the need for change outweighs the potential
detrimental impact of changes.
ITIL defines the Change Management process with the following:
“The goal of the change management process is to ensure that standardized methods and procedures are used
for efficient and prompt handling of all changes, in order to minimize the impact of change-related incidents upon
service quality, and consequently improve the day-to-day operations of the organization.”
In a well-run environment, any change to an IT service (whether a business or infrastructure service) that affects
one of the following should be controlled by change management:
Hardware
Communications equipment and software
System software
All documentation and procedures associated with the running, support and maintenance of live systems
The change management process includes recording change requests, impact assessment, cost/benefit and risk
analysis of proposed changes, business justification and approval of the change, managing and coordinating
change implementation, monitoring implementation tasks, reviewing change results, and closing the completed
change.


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
207
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.