Bastion node/ Bastion server
A jumpbox hosted on a network specifically designed and configured to withstand attacks. It's mainly for operation and
maintenance purposes.
Breach
A failure to meet the objectives specified in a Service Level Agreement.
Bundle
A bundle is a group of items available within a Service Catalog offering.
Business impact
A measure of the effect of an incident, problem, or change on business processes. Impact is often based on how service levels
will be affected. Business impact and urgency are used to assign priority.
The Service Management business impact values are as follows:
Enterprise
Site or department
Multiple users
Single user
Business rule
Business rules are the building blocks from which the business logic of a workflow is constructed. You can define business rules
for records, processes, metaphases, phases, and transitions.
Business services
An Information Technology (IT) service that directly supports a specific business process, as opposed to an infrastructure
service that is used internally by the IT service provider and isn't visible to the Business. Services can be grouped into business
service groups that include CIs, documents, resources, or any other components that comprise a defined business service. The
services can then be delivered to business customers by Business Units, such as the delivery of financial services to customers
of a bank, or products to customers in a retail store. Successful delivery of business services often depends on one or more IT
services.
C
Calculated fields
Calculated fields are user-defined fields that contain information based on a formula, calculation, or evaluation of an
expression. Service Management includes several calculated field templates with parameters. To define a calculated field for a
record type, you select a template and supply a value for each parameter. The calculated field can then be added to analytic
reports for that record type.
Capacity management
The process responsible for ensuring that IT services and the IT infrastructure are able to meet agreed capacity and
performance requirements in a cost-effective and timely manner. Capacity management considers all resources required to
deliver services and is concerned with meeting both the current and future capacity and performance needs of the business.
Capacity management includes the following sub-processes:
Business capacity management
Service capacity management
Component capacity management
Capacity Management Database (CDB)
A CDB consists of one or more databases that serve as a repository for holding multiple types of data used by its
subprocesses. The core infrastructure record, the Configuration Management Database (CMDB), provides information about
the state of CIs and the relationships between CIs. By providing performance and resource information about the (CIs), a CDB
works with the CMDB to provide a complete and reliable view of the IT infrastructure.
Capital item
A capital item is an asset or fixed asset, also referred to as a CI. The CI is registered and managed in the general ledger for
depreciation and investment. The item is managed by the organization from the perspective of total value. A capital item has
attributes such as:
Book value depreciation schema
Depreciation start date
Accumulated depreciation
Residual value
Category
The named group of things that have something in common. Categories are used to group similar things. For example, cost
types are used to group similar types of cost, and Incident categories are used to group similar types of incidents.
In a Service Catalog context, a category describes similar services and offerings that users can select from a catalog.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
519
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.