Knowledge Management
Knowledge Articles and News
In a perfect world, a service desk agent would never have to figure out the solution to a specific issue or answer a question
more than once. While we don’t live in a perfect world, we can do our best to capture all of our knowledge for use by both our
agents and end users.
While everything in Service Management Automation X is knowledge of some form or another, knowledge management allows
us to create and maintain a curated database of knowledge articles and news articles for our services. In this way, we can
ensure the integrity and quality of our most used pieces of knowledge.
After we capture what we know, Service Management Automation X assists our agents and end users by displaying relevant
knowledge at key points in the processes they are using. But before we see how the system does this, let’s make sure we
understand what this curated database holds and how we add to it.
The knowledge management process allows us to create two separate types of knowledge: knowledge articles and news.
Articles contain information about a service (or a component of the service) that could help someone either provide the
service or consume the service. For a simple example, we might have a knowledge article that describes how to access the
company email using a tablet or phone.
News, on the other hand, contains alerts or notices about critical issues or temporary changes to a service that users are
consuming or providing. For example, we might create a news article for an upcoming outage of the Email service while we are
upgrading it. One of the few differences in the article and news records is that the news articles may have a distinct end time
after which they are no longer displayed to the users.
One thing that's worth mentioning about both types of knowledge is that we can link them to the entitlement rules that we
talked about earlier. Therefore you can create knowledge that can only people in a specific group, location, or role can view.
This makes it easier to keep all the users from being overloaded with articles that aren’t applicable to their unique situation.
Creating New Knowledge
We have a few choices for creating new knowledge. As I mentioned earlier, one of the first things we might want to do is to
import some of the knowledge we already have in our organization. But what about when we want to create new articles, or
there is an upcoming event we want to create a news article for?
One option we have is to start from scratch by creating a new article through the Service Management Automation X menu
option. Then fill out the information and save the record to start the process workflow (more on that in a second). However,
Knowledge
In this chapter, we will look at the knowledge management process. Knowledge management allows the IT
department to gather, analyze, store and share information about its provided services. The primary purpose of
the process is to improve efficiency by reducing the need to rediscover information that's already known in some
part of the organization.
Knowledge articles may be related to many of the other primary IT processes. Articles can be created from these
other processes, as well as used to assist in the resolution of these processes as well.


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
179
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.