Home
Service Management Automation X (SMAX) is a service management solution driven by analytics, that combines four key
application areas: IT Service Management (ITSM), IT Asset Management (ITAM), Extended Service Management (XSM), and
Cloud Management.
SMAX has fully functioning out-of-the-box processes and workflows that are ready for use as of day 1. The solution allows for a
further extension of applications via an easily extendable and fully codeless studio functionality. 
Micro Focus
 and its partner
and customer community can share such extended applications via the 
ITOM Marketplace
.
Cloud Management offers the following capabilities:
Design and Deploy (DND): With DND capability, new cloud service offerings based on published service designs can be
available to consumers, which facilitates your organization's cloud infrastructure management.
Cost Governance and Resource Optimization (CGRO): CGRO enables you to optimize your cloud spending and simplify
configuration with various cloud providers.
SMAX is offered as a service (SaaS), you can also deploy SMAX on-premises or in the cloud (click 
here
 for a free trial).
Additionally, the multi-tenancy of SMAX allows you to host and manage environments for multiple customers within a single
installation. The following table includes information about the deployment platforms.
Deployment
type
Deployment
platform
Description
On-
premises
ITOM OPTIC
Management
Toolkit (OMT)
Deploy on physical or virtual machines with Kubernetes provided by the ITOM OMT.
RedHat OpenShift
Deploy on-premises with RedHat OpenShift Kubernetes and on-premises databases
and persistent storage.
Cloud
Google Cloud
Platform (GCP)
Deploy on GCP with Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) and other cloud native services
like CloudSQL and Filestore.
Azure
Deploy on Azure with Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) and other cloud native services
like Azurefile/Azure NetApp Files.
Amazon Web
Services (AWS) 
Deploy on AWS with Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) and other cloud native services
like Elastic File Service (EFS) and Relational Database Service (RDS).
AWS GovCloud
Deploy on AWS GovCloud with Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) and other cloud
native services like Elastic File Service (EFS) and Relational Database Service (RDS).
SMAX is offered in the license editions of SMAX Express and SMAX Premium. AMX is offered as an AMX edition. You need an
HCMX license if you would like to include Cloud Management capability in SMAX. For more details, see 
SMA suite license
.
The licenses can give you access to the following:
Product
License
Deployment
Documentation
SMAX*
Express, Premium
Containerized
This help center (includes
SMAX, AMX, and HCMX
functionalities)
AMX
AMX
Containerized
AMX help center
HCMX
HCMX
Containerized
HCMX help center
Universal
Discovery &
CMDB**
Universal Discovery Unit (which can be used for
Express or Premium discovery)
Can be
containerized or
classic CMS
Install containerized
CMS
 for a converged
solution
Standalone containerized
CMS
Classic CMS
Connect-It (CIT)
Express, Premium, AMX, or HCMX
A set of foundational CIT content is included in the
licenses. Additional content needs to be acquired
separately.
Deployed
externally
CIT documentation
Operations
Orchestration
(OO)***
Express, Premium, AMX, or HCMX
Deployed
externally
OO documentation
*The new Software Asset Management (SAM) capability within SMAX requires a SAM unit license, 50 SAM units are included in
the SMAX Premium or AMX license. 
**50 Universal Discovery units are included in the SMAX and AMX product licenses.
***2 concurrent OO workflows are included in the SMAX and AMX product licenses. HCMX license includes the OO licensing for
cloud management use cases only.
If you are a Service Manager customer and would like to use SMA Service Portal, you can deploy SMA in mixed mode. See 
SMA-
SM help center
.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
61
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.