Cloud Management - Design and deploy cloud offerings
Eve, an enterprise developer, requires an AWS EC2 instance cloud offering for running an application on Amazon Web Services
(AWS). She can go to the consolidated Service Portal, browse for the offering, and request it.
For the AWS EC2 instance to be available in the Service Portal as a cloud offering, you should design, publish, and configure it.
The following personas are involved in getting the AWS EC2 instance cloud offering to be available in the Service Portal.
Persona
Responsibilities
Stephen - 
Suite administrator
Configure tenant and enable Design and Deploy (DND) capability
Derek - 
Tenant Administrator
Administer tenant and configure user authorization
Add Aggregation Provider
Peter - 
DND Administrator
Create and publish an AWS EC2 Instance design
Add the published design to the catalog
Approve a service request
Eve - 
Service Portal User/
Enterprise Developer
Request for a cloud service offering from the Service Portal
Accept the cloud offering
The personas are limited to the above for this use case. However, you can configure different users to take up various
responsibilities according to your requirement. For example, the DND administrator role can be further split into various roles
like Service Designer and Catalog Administrator. For more information on roles and authorization, see 
Configure authorization
for DND
Prerequisites
Hybrid Cloud Management X (HCMX) is available with Design and Deploy (DND) capability. For more information on how to
plan the system requirements, prepare the environment and install HCMX, see 
Install HCMX
.
Use case workflow
The below illustration gives the workflow for configuring the product, publishing an AWS EC2 design, and requesting it from the
Service Portal.
Follow the below sections for detailed steps. 
Configure Suite Administration
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
480
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.