Change priority
The priority of the change, based on business needs, automatically calculated by Service Management.
Change process owner
A change management default role: the person who is accountable for all change related activities. Functions as the
champion, advocate, and design leader of change management.
Change proposal
A document including:
A high-level description of the significant change or potential new service introduction.
The corresponding business case.
The expected implementation schedule.
Change proposals are typically created by service portfolio management, and are passed to change management for
authorization.
The change proposal allows change management to assess the potential impact on other services, other shared resources,
and the overall change schedule, and determine if the change is feasible. The assessment results in either authorization or
rejection of the change proposal.
Change record
A record containing the particulars of the change. Each change record documents the life cycle of a single change. A change
record is created for every request for change received, even those that are subsequently rejected.
Change requestor
A change management default role: the person who submits a request for change, starting the change process.
Change schedule
The Schedule tab in each change record includes the following sections:
Change calendar - displays the change, when scheduled, and time periods. (Time periods may include maintenance times,
blackout times, work schedules, holidays, and events.)
Scheduled times - details of the scheduled times for the change. For example, scheduled start and end time.
Actual times - details of the actual times for the change. For example, actual start and end time.
Change task
A change task is a unit of work in a change record workflow, assigned to a person or a group. A task may be automatic or
manual.
Change task assignee
A change management default role: the person who is responsible for closing assigned change tasks.
CI type
A CI type is a category used to classify CIs. The CI type identifies the required attributes and relationships that comprise a
configuration record. CI Types include:
Actual service
Device
Service component
System element
Configuration item - OO
[Operation Orchestration (OO)] CIs are OO objects (filters, scriptlets, system properties, and so on) that you can use to process
operation results, create reports, and facilitate the running of flows.
Configuration Item - SMA
Any components or other service assets that need to be managed in order to deliver an IT service. Information about each CI is
recorded in the configuration record in the configuration management system and is maintained throughout its lifecycle by
service asset and configuration management. CIs are under the control of Change Management. CIs typically include IT
services, hardware, software, buildings, people, and formal documentation such as process documentation, and service level
agreements.
Configuration management
The process responsible for ensuring that the assets required to deliver services are properly controlled, and that accurate and
reliable information about those assets is available when and where it's needed. This information includes details of how the
assets have been configured, and the relationships between assets.
Configuration Management Database (CMDB)
A database used to store configuration records throughout their lifecycle. The configuration management system maintains
one or more configuration management databases, and each database stores attributes of CIs, and relationships with other
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
521
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.