Request Flows
Request Management Workflows
Now that we have set up our request management process components, I thought it would be a good idea to take a step back
and see how the process flows from beginning to end. We know the basics of what a request is, right? Someone who consumes
one of our services is either:
requesting something we have pre-defined in our service catalog
requesting something we don’t have defined, but still related to one of our services
requesting help with an issue that's causing them to not be able to consume the service
requesting a service we aren't providing at this time
requesting something from HR
requesting multiple items at the same time
Service Management Automation X has a few different workflows defined for requests that handle these possibilities. A
workflow is the system’s definition of how a certain process will run. The three primary request workflows in the system are:
“Service”, “Support”, “HR Support”, and “cart”. Don’t let the names confuse you, these are all workflows that deal with our
service requests (or just ‘requests’ for short).
The first workflow handles those pre-defined requests, while the second deals with a more unstructured request such as:
Requests for Information that need to be researched or looked up in the knowledge base (if the end user could not find
the information on their own).
Complaints about a particular service or service component.
Request Flows
At this point, we have created a functional request management process and have a good start on the complete
data model we defined earlier. While we still have a good bit of definition to do, we now have a fairly robust
system capable of serving our service request needs.
To expand on what we have built, we will now inspect the actual processes the system uses to fulfill a user
request.
 


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
167
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.