H
Hot topic analytics
Service Management's hot topic analytics helps support agents to analyze:
Questions and requests submitted by 
Service Portal
 users.
The types of information that 
Service Portal
 users are looking for.
Hot topic analytics reviews the search strings that were entered by the users as well as the questions asked. It also analyzes
how users treated the generated search results, looking at which search results were further drilled into, and so on.
The hot topic analytics maps display a graphical view of important areas of interest that have arisen through the 
Service
Portal
.
Hard copied operation
In a 
hard copy
 of an operation, the copy is directly linked to the action plugin in the same way that the original operation was.
When the action plugin jar file is updated—for example if the name of the JAR or the class is changed—this needs to be
updated in all the hard copied operations.
I
Idea & Proposal management
Service Management's idea and proposal management module enables users to directly collect feedback from the service
consumer, which ensures continuous improvement of the IT service and drives innovation. With social collaboration, ideas can
evolve to proposals or changes after being categorized, reviewed, and approved. When an approved idea is in place, a
proposal or change record can be easily created in Service Management with a few simple clicks. When the proposal is
created, it's entered in the project and portfolio management domain.
Impact
A measure of the effect of an incident, problem, or change on business processes. Impact is often based on how service levels
will be affected. Impact and urgency are used to assign priority.
Incident
An unplanned interruption to an IT service or reduction in the quality of an IT service. Failure of a CI that has not yet affected
service is also an incident – for example, failure of one disk from a mirror set.
Incident management
The process responsible for managing the lifecycle of all incidents. Incident management ensures that normal service
operations are restored as quickly as possible and the business impact is minimized.
Incident model
An incident model, is a method of predefined steps to handle the incident management process. The model includes steps to
take, chronological order of the steps, who is responsible for each step, a time scale, and escalation procedures. In addition,
the model ideally includes necessary activities required to preserve evidence, such as security and capacity-related incidents.
Some incidents occur frequently and require a quick and consistent manner of registration. For this reason, you can create
predefined incident models or interaction models that include values for attributes, such as description, priority, impact, and
service. You can then apply the predefined models to incidents as they occur.
Incident record
A record containing the details of an incident. Each incident record documents the lifecycle of a single incident.
Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL)
A set of best-practice publications for IT service management. Owned by the Cabinet Office (part of HM Government), ITIL
gives guidance on the provision of quality IT services and the processes, functions and other capabilities needed to support
them. The ITIL framework is based on a service lifecycle and consists of five lifecycle stages (service strategy, service design,
service transition, service operation and continual service improvement), each of which has its own supporting publication.
There is also a set of complementary ITIL publications providing guidance specific to industry sectors, organization types,
operating models and technology architectures.
Information Technology Service Management (ITSM)
The implementation and management of quality IT services that meet the needs of the business. IT service management is
performed by IT service providers through an appropriate mix of people, process and information technology.
Input
Inputs give the operation the data that it needs to act upon. For example, an operation to check a web page needs to know
which page to check and what text to look for.
Inputs can be:
Set to a specific value
Obtained from information gathered by another step
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
525
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.