N
Normal change
A change that's not an emergency change or a standard change. Normal changes follow the defined steps of the change
management process.
Notification
A message delivered in an on-screen active note, the form window's status bar, or the mail file.
A message sent externally, using email or fax.
O
Offering
The services in the service catalog are divided into service offerings and support offerings. Offerings are used by the service
request agents in the service request management module. When an agent opens a request, he can select an offering to
channel the request directly to the correct team for handling.
On-Premises Bridge
The 
On-Premises Bridge
 is a platform that enables communication between on-premises applications and Service Management
- in both directions. Because on-premises applications are located behind firewalls, initiating a connection from Service
Management to an on-premises application isn't possible; therefore, a "bridge" component is required.
Operations Orchestration (OO) Containerized
OO Containerized is a capability that enables seamless automation and orchestration of repeatable IT operations across
teams, tools, and environments.
OO Central
OO Central is the runtime environment of OO. It is used for running flows, monitoring the various runs, and generating reports.
OO Content
OO contains an out-of-box content library with over 4,000 flows and operations, accelerator packs, and integrations.
OO Designer project
An OO Designer project is a directory in OO Workflow Designer, containing the flows and operations that a flow author is
working on. In order to create a flow, a flow author must be working within a project.
Every project contains two folders:
Library
 - holds all the flows and operations in that project.
Configuration
 - holds other OO objects (filters, scriptlets, system properties, and so on) that you can use to process
operation results, create reports, and facilitate the running of flows
When flow authors complete a project, they package it into a content pack for promotion to the Central server.
Operations Orchestration RAS
RAS is a remote action server, containing a worker and a remote protocol for connecting with Central.
Operations Orchestration Workflow Designer
OO Workflow Designer is a web-based authoring environment for creating and modifying flows using CloudSlang language.
OO flow
An OO flow refers to a flow from Operations Orchestration. An OO flow is a set of linked actions that automate health checks,
troubleshooting or any other repetitive IT support tasks. For more information about OO flows, refer to the Operations
Orchestration documentation.
OO Operation
An operation holds the 
inputs
, 
outputs
, 
responses
, and other properties that are required to perform a certain action.
Operations are available for the flow author to use as steps inside a flow. A rich set of out-of-the-box operations is available
with OO Workflow Designer
OO Output
Outputs are data produced by operations—for example, success code, output string, error string, or failure message.
OO Output fields
In a 
subflow
 (a flow within a flow), output fields are used to store a step's results so that the result data is accessible to
operations, transitions, and prompts in the parent flow.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
527
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.