OPTIC
IT Platforms for IT Transformation
Seems like every software vendor has an IT platform today, and for good reasons. The right IT platform can support
transformation efforts. Employees can more efficiently engage in self-service with a multitude of digital services and processes
—such as requesting services with automated fulfillment. A good platform should reduce the need to build and maintain
integrations, provide better insights through shared data and analytics, and reduce the user learning curve through a common
UI and common best practices.
But not all IT platforms are created equal. Many are blank slates that require custom coding—a job that creates technical debt
for future maintenance, decreases the value of AI/ML, and drives up total cost of ownership. What’s more, teams must agree
on best practices for implementing each process step and reconcile processes across multiple cloud and on-premises
investments. IT platforms shouldn’t compound the drama.
The Evolution of the Micro Focus ITOM Platform
Micro Focus has announced a new brand for our ITOM platform
. Known as OPTIC (The Operations Platform for Transformation,
Intelligence, and Cloud), let’s address why we are rebranding now.
The original Micro Focus “ITOM Platform” was launched in 2017, primarily to address the need to simplify installation and
updates of our products using containers. Over the last four years, our platform technology has continued to evolve. With an
increase in microservice-based shared services, we’ve unified approaches to identity management, single-sign on, container
management, and have expanded integration capabilities through an API gateway. But the progress made in 2020 really took
things to the next level.
The theme in 2020 was “convergence”, which dramatically improves your experience. This progress led us to decide that our
ITOM Platform needed a new name. Specific convergence capabilities that were delivered include:
Convergence of the user experience
With the release of 
HCMX
 and 
Asset Management X
 we have begun to standardize on the highly-intuitive 
SMAX
 interface for
user self-service. All of our 
Enterprise Service Management
 products will eventually use this interface to support end users.
Convergence of data and analytics
The COSO Data Lake, which is being renamed the OPTIC Data Lake, simplifies the collection, normalization and storage of data
from Micro Focus 
Operations Bridge
, 
Network Operations Management
, 
Data Center Automation
 and a massive number of
third-party vendors. It enables common data analysis and data visualization for important operations tasks such as automated
event correlation.
Convergence of automation capabilities
Micro Focus 
Robotic Process Automation
 and 
Operations Orchestration
 have come together to offer the best in both UI and API-
based automated processes and workflows, to span multiple applications and digital transformation use cases.
Convergence of discovery and topology mapping
Micro Focus 
Universal Discovery and Universal CMDB
 are absolutely world-class at discovering and mapping hybrid IT assets.
But in 2020, Micro Focus was able to provide a single instance across multiple Micro Focus products to discover and map
hybrid IT assets across multi-cloud, containers, and on-premises IT using Smart Software Analytics to identify unrecognized
software.
In spite of the pandemic, 2020 was an epic year of delivery for our research and development teams, and that delivery
justifies a new brand for our platform, OPTIC.
The Micro Focus IT Platform Is Different
Rather than trying to copy all the other platforms, Micro Focus has built OPTIC to help you transform without drama; harness
built-in, unlimited-use intelligence at the core; and optimize your use of the cloud as a full partner.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
401
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.