Entered by the person running the flow, at the start of the flow
Interaction
An interaction is the record of the contact between a user and the Service Desk when a user requests assistance or requests a
service. An interaction typically results in logging an Incident or Service Request.
K
Key performance indicator (KPI)
A metric that's used to help manage an IT service, process, plan, project, or other activity. KPIs measure the achievement of
critical success factors. Many metrics may be measured, but only the most important of these are defined as KPIs and used to
actively manage and report on the process, IT service, or activity. They should be selected to ensure that efficiency,
effectiveness, and cost effectiveness are all managed.
Knowledge management
The process responsible for sharing perspectives, ideas, experience and information, and for ensuring that these are available
to the right people, in the right place and at the right time. The knowledge management process enables informed decisions,
and improves efficiency by reducing the need to rediscover knowledge.
Known error
A problem that has a documented root cause and a workaround. Known errors are created and managed throughout their
lifecycle by problem management. Known errors may also be identified by development or suppliers.
L
Lists
There are two types of lists:
Volatile lists. Created when defining a user option inside an offering or model.
Non-volatile lists. Created in the list management module.
Live support
A module in service request management for dealing with telephone support calls. With the appropriate configuration and an
integrated CTI system, Live Support provides you with key information and tools that can help to efficiently process new
service and support requests and inquiries received by telephone. For example, if your system is appropriately configured,
when you receive a call from a user, Service Management can automatically identify the caller's details and recent requests.
M
Managed NFS
It's an NFS server that is managed by a third-party supplier such as AWS EFS.
Managed Kubernetes/K8s
It refers to a Kubernetes distribution managed by other providers (AWS, Azure, GCP, or OpenShift) and fully supported by 
Micro
Focus
. 
Micro Focus
 has its own Kubernetes platform, OPTIC Management Toolkit (OMT), which embeds the community Kubernetes.
The SMA suite can be deployed either on the Embedded Kubernetes of OMT or Managed Kubernetes. 
Metaphase
A portion of a workflow that includes one or more phases.
Micro Focus
 Identity Manager (IDM)
The 
Micro Focus
 Identity Manager (IDM) refers to the the identity management service that handles user authentication and
authorization. This is a shared service between multiple 
Micro Focus
 products and can enable a Single Sign On solution for the
components of these products.
Micro Focus
 Identity Manager Admin (IDM Admin)
The 
Micro Focus
 Identity Manager Admin (IDM Admin) is the administration web interface for the IDM service. With IDM Admin
you can manage users, groups, roles and advanced configuration for you identity management service, including LDAP, SAML
and OAUTH authentication methods.
Model
A repeatable way of dealing with a particular type of change, incident, or problem. A model defines specific steps to be
followed for a particular type of record. Some models may be very complex with many steps. Other models can be simple to
expedite closure. For example, a complex change model might require multiple levels of authorization (such as a major
software release). The simplest incident model has a quick resolution (such as a password reset).
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
526
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.