Get started with Cloud Management
Cloud Management simplifies the delivery, consumption, and governance of IT services and resources. The codeless and
customizable interface, powered with workflow orchestration, service designer, simplified catalog, and a smart service portal,
provides for the complete lifecycle management of public and private cloud resources-based IT services.
Cloud Management offers the following capabilities:
Design and deploy
Using 
Design and Deploy (DND)
, you can create service designs and offerings, and automate the provisioning and
management, of hybrid and multi-cloud resources. The DND capability allows you to automate a wide variety of resource
requests with an on-demand selection of parameters and options. From the Main Menu go to 
Build > Design. 
For more
information, see 
Design and Deploy
.
Before enabling and using the Design and Deploy functionality, you should have installed the Operations Orchestration
Containerized capability. For more information on how to install Operations Orchestration see, 
Install OO on-premises
, 
Install
OO on EKS
, and 
Install OO on AKS
.
Cost governance and resource optimization
Cost Governance and Resource Optimization (CGRO)
 uses detailed, centralized cost reports for Azure and Amazon Web
Services to enable showback and chargeback to business budgets, and help identify the biggest spenders via powerful data
slicing and dicing capabilities. IT can further optimize public cloud costs via built-in insights around reserved instances, which
benefit from cost-effective, reservation-based pricing and avoid overspending on on-demand instances. From the Main Menu
go to 
Run > Cost Governance. 
For more information, see 
Cost Governance and Resource Optimization
.
Image aggregation
Image Aggregation
 
showcases cloud service templates from the marketplace portals of AWS, Microsoft Azure, and vCenter.
As a catalog administrator, you can use the capability to easily create and publish new offerings from these templates. From
the Main Menu go to 
Build > Design > Service Designer > Image Aggregation. 
For more information, see 
Image
Aggregation
.
Content Store
Content Store is part of the DND capability and is a web-based service for managing capsules. Users can download the latest
capsules published on the ITOM Marketplace and use the Content Store to easily install them into the suite. Users can also use
the Content Store to install custom capsules. From the main menu go to 
Build
 > 
Design
 > 
Content Management. 
For
more information see 
Content Management
.
offer a unified experience to manage requesting, provisioning, and consumption of IT services 
deliver multi-cloud infrastructure and IT services to business users
define the service life cycle management to provision, update, and de-provision cloud resources
manage hybrid and multi-cloud XaaS environments
orchestrate the IT operations processes end-to-end
The Cloud Management functionalities and menu visibility depend on:
License
 - You need to assign a Cloud Management license to access the functionalities. 
Experience mode 
-  The experience mode possibilities are related to the assigned licenses. For more information on
how to configure the experience mode and the functionalities available, see 
Experience mode
.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
136
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.