Whether this is the offering they are looking for
What they can expect out of the offering
What they need to prepare or have ready before making their request
What to include in the Offering description
When creating Offerings for the Service Catalog, consider including the below in the description:
What does the offering provide?
Who should request the offering and in what scenario? Who should not request the offering in a different scenario.
If there are other offerings with similar names, explain the difference between them.
Anything customers need to have prepared before requesting the offering.
Any expected actions customers need to take after requesting the offering.
If the delivery time is important for the customers, consider adding it to the description.
Add a link to other documents with important information
This isn't meant to be a mandatory list. Find the right balance between the information you would like to include and the
length of the Offering description. Be sure to consider how the customer might search for the Offering, and include that
information in the description.
Supplement the Service Catalog with Knowledge Articles 
The Knowledge Articles in a SMAX system can be the Service Desk's best friend. Any customer issue that can be self-resolved
using knowledge is one less issue that the Service Desk needs to address.
Do's and Don'ts for Knowledge Articles
Do:
Focus on only one topic per article
Easy to read
Easy to maintain
Consider starting with questions/issues customers may have or have had in the past
Use bullets to list out important points
Have articles reviewed by a technical writer whenever possible
Add reference links to other related topics whenever applicable
Don't:
Create long articles with multiple topics
Consumers may lose patience while reading them
Only focus on solving problems in the Service Desk -- recurring problems are a good indicator of the need for a related
Knowledge Article
Write Articles like a casual email, with no clear structure and long paragraphs
 
Using Naming Conventions and Models in Articles
In order to clearly and quickly get the point of a Knowledge Article across to a customer, consider using naming conventions
when creating the title of the article. This will also increase the consistency of the articles overall.
Some examples of naming conventions include:
For
Suggested Naming Convention
Best Practices/Policies/FAQ
XXXXX Best Practices/Policy/FAQ
How-Tos
"How To..." or us a verb phrase like "Using ...", "Setting up..."
Knowledge tips
Use the issue description as the title, eg: "Slow connectivity...", "400 Bad Request Error"
Conceptual contents
About..., General Introduction to...
Additionally, using Models for each of these types (and any others you wish) will improve consistency among your Articles,
resulting in improved user acceptance and use. For each of the "types", create a separate Model where the common content is
predefined. For example, if you create a "Frequently Asked Questions" type, the content may have a "Question" and "Answer"
section specified.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
247
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.