A user has forgotten their password for their
email system
SRM  
(Service
Request)
A good candidate to automate
A user can't connect to an application. 
Investigation by the agent determines that
the issue is caused by an   improper proxy
definition on the user's machine.
SRM  
(Support
Request)
The issue isn't caused by the service provider
Event Management detects that one of the
servers in an application has   crashed. 
Redundant systems keep the   application
online, but users are taking longer than
normal to login.
Incident  
Management
While the service is still available, there is an impact on the
ability to provide it
A user calls in reporting that they are taking
a long time to log into the   application.
SRM  
(Support
Request) -
with link to
IM
The Service Request Management process will be used to
handle the consumer. They may want to be notified when
the issue has been corrected, or may simply be satisfied by
the explanation.  The Service Request is linked to the
Incident to facilitate either.
In each case we can use the definitions that we derived earlier to determine the correct process:
Applying these definitions to any incoming issue should make it apparent which ITSM process needs to be followed to ensure
that the service is being provided in the most efficient way possible.
Service Request Management
 encompasses the consumer facing processes that make up the expected, day
to day activities involved in providing a service to an individual or group. The goal of Service Request
Management is to ensure that the user can consume the service to their satisfaction.
Incident Management
 encompasses the processes used by the service provider to track and resolve any issue
that impacts the ability of a user to consume the service.  The goal of Incident Management is to restore normal
operation of a service as quickly as possible.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
385
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.