Adding Questions
Now we can add the actual questions we want the end users to answer. There are several types of questions we can use,
including:
Primary survey rating — An overall rating that can have anywhere from 2-5 selections to choose from. Each selection can
have a unique image associated with it (smiley faces anyone?).
Rating — Additional ratings that may have from 2-6 selections to choose from.
Rating Group — Multiple questions that all have the same 2-6 selections to choose from.
Text — A question that enables the end user to type in a response. They can type in multiple lines of text.
Short Text — Again a question that allows the end user to type in a response, but only a single line of text.
Radio — A question that allows the end user to select a response from a list of pre-defined selections
Number — A question that allows the end user to select a numerical response. We can set a minimum and maximum
value that the user may select.
Each question will have a title visible to the user, and a report label — a short, descriptive label that will appear in the reports.
If we want to see how the survey will look to our end users, we can use the 'Preview' option on the survey. This can be useful
to get a feel for how much work we are asking the end user to do — if we make the survey too long or appear like a lot of
work, our end users may not bother to fill it in.
Setting up Reports
After our end users answer our questions, we need to investigate the results to see how we did and decide where we can
improve. Setting up the reports is simple, but we need to plan out what reports we need ahead of time.
The first thing we need to do is determine what type of record (if any) we want related to this survey. It might be requests,
incidents, or any other type of record in the system. Once we set this on our survey, we can specify what fields from that
record we want to use in our reports. For example, if we are setting up a survey for incidents, we might want the service,
category, and urgency fields to be available in our reports. The survey definition will give us a list of all the available fields and
we need to select which ones we will need.
We can also use information from the end user that's taking the survey in our reports. Again we need to specify the attributes
of the end user we want to use in our reports (location, company, etc.). Alternatively, we can specify that this is an anonymous
survey and no information about the end user will be kept.
Next, we need to create the actual reports. Service Management Automation X gives us the option to create a simple report for
each question we created that shows how many users selected each option, all at the push of a single button. After that, we
can create more reports that slice and dice the result data any way we want to — as long as we specified a field in the survey
definition we can use it in our reports.
Survey Workflow
Once we create the survey, it moves through its own workflow just like the other record types we’ve looked at so far. The
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
193
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.