OMT is based on an enterprise-grade container-based orchestration software that manages the application lifecycle, including
installation, upgrades, and scaling. Additional cloud-native technologies are also being used to offer an end-to-end secure
delivery and management of those applications.
OMT Bootstrap
An OMT self-starting process, which loads OMT's basic components. Customers can use an "install" script in the OMT
installation package to start the process at the Deploy phase.
OMT Management Portal
An application that allows users to manage OMT cluster configuration and applications. You can access it via
https://{ACCESS_HOST_NAME}:5443
.
Certificate
Data file that enables verification of digital identity and ownership and subsequent setup of secure communication.
Cluster
A set of the computer system that's connected electronically so that from the outside they can be viewed as a single system. A
cluster is a set of physical or virtual machines and other infrastructure resources used by Kubernetes to run your applications.
Config map
A Kubernetes object that holds configuration data.
Configuration files
A non-executable file that holds configuration data.
Container
A way to package applications and just their required libraries and configuration which abstracts them from the underlying
operating system and allows them to run anywhere.
Control plane node
The node or nodes that form the Kubernetes control plane. Control plane nodes run the cluster management components.
Typically, either one or three (in an HA deployment) nodes form the control plane.
Docker
Docker (specifically, Docker Engine) is a software technology providing operating-system-level virtualization also known as
containers.
Daemon sets
A Kubernetes controller that schedules/runs/maintains a single instance of a specified container image on every cluster node.
Deployment
An installation of an ITOM suite or service.
External/private Docker registry
A repository holding container images.
Etcd
A key/value configuration database.
External access host
A Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) with which you can access the OMT cluster service from locations outside the cluster.
This FQDN must be resolved to a valid network address.
External image registry
Cluster-external container image registry. A place where container images are stored so that they can be retrieved by
container engines running on cluster nodes.
External load balancer
An external load balancer balances the outside traffic to all control plane nodes or worker nodes for the OMT services and suite
services.
First deployment
The very first deployment that contains a set of cluster-wide services that aren't present in subsequent additional
deployments.
First control plane node
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
534
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.