to call the CDF APIs to restart the corresponding pods aren't working until SMA is also upgraded to version 2020.08. For more
information, see 
Upgrade
. 
SMA Support Assistant
With the SMA Support Assistant, suite administrators can run system maintenance tools (currently only SMA Doctor) from the
following URL: https://<External Access Host>/support. For information about how to set up and use this feature, see 
SMA
Support Assistant
.
2020.05
Native SACM
Native SACM is one single solution for the entire Service Asset & Configuration Management (SACM) process with instant
access to the data and embedded graphical widgets for CI topology representation.
Instead of a loosely coupled and single-directional data replication, Native SACM is a natively connected solution that enables
bi-directional data federation between SMAX and CMS, which is achieved by building a new technology called CMS Gateway.
After CMS Gateway is set up and ready, you can enable Native SACM in the tenant application settings. Please be aware that
this operation can't be reverted, once you enabled Native SACM, you can no longer use OPB to connect SMAX and CMS.
For more information about how to install, administer, and use Native SACM, see:
Deploy Native SACM
Configure Native SACM with Studio
Native SACM
SMAX Cloud Management 
SMAX Cloud Management offers the Design and Deploy (DND) capability. DND enables you to create service designs and
offerings, and automate the provisioning and management of hybrid and multi-cloud resources:
Manage hybrid and multi-cloud XaaS environments
Deliver multi-cloud infrastructure and application services to their business users
Orchestrate end-to-end IT operations processes
Aggregate and broker services from the public cloud and private cloud templates
Define end-to-end service life cycle management to provision, update, and de-provision cloud resources
In this release, you can deploy DND on tenants that are created in SMAX 2020.05, one DND instance for each tenant. Note
that DND isn't available for tenants upgraded to this release.
For information about how to deploy and use DND, see 
Deploy DND
, 
Design
, and 
Deployment operations
.
SMAX Cloud Management in this release is under Controlled Availability.
Quick mode for tenant export
A 
Quick mode
 is introduced for tenant export. Compared with the traditional 
Full mode
, the Quick mode allows you to
export tenant data without attachments, which reduces the export time. If you choose to use 
Quick mode
, you need to
manually move your attachment files before tenant import. 
For details, see the 
Export and Import
 section on 
Export_and_import_tenant
.
New tenancy model
The relationship between account and tenant is simplified. Now you can only create one tenant in one account. The account
and its tenant have the same ID. The shared service type of the tenant is the same as the account that the tenant belongs
to. Based on the 1 tier tenancy model, you can enable more add-on capacities, which will help to meet more IT4IT
requirements.
Group level visibility for reports and views
Users can share their reports or favorite views with specified user groups. Two role permissions (
Create group
reports
 and 
Create group favorite views
) and one access level named 
Group
 were introduced for this enhancement. For
more information, see 
Reports
, 
Report properties
 and 
Views
.
Context-sensitive help
The embedded context-sensitive help has been replaced with the online context-sensitive help. You can now access the up-to-
date documentation on ITOM Practitioner Portal from the product interface. If you have limited Internet connections, you can
export the documentation to PDF on ITOM Practitioner Portal when you are connected to the Internet.
Service Portal enhancements
When the language of Service Portal is set to Arabic, the layout of UI elements is improved for fully right-to-left (RTL)
language support. For existing RTL limitations, see 
Language support
.
The 
Support offerings
 section is renamed to 
Supporting offerings
 in the subscription details and the CI details.
Miscellaneous changes
The maximum allowed number of non-volatile lists per tenant has been changed from 20 to 50 (
Studio
 > 
Lists
).
You can turn on 
Log user last access time 
(Service Management > 
Administration > Configuration > Application
Settings
)
 
to save users' last access time to Person records.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
123
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.