CIs.
Configuration Management System (CMS)
A set of tools, data, and information used to support service asset and configuration management.
The CMS:
Is part of an overall service knowledge management system, and includes tools for collecting, storing, managing,
updating, analyzing and presenting data about all CIs and their relationships.
May also include information about incidents, problems, known errors, changes and releases.
Configuration record
A record containing the details of a CI. Each configuration record documents the lifecycle of a single CI. Configuration records
are stored in a configuration management database and maintained as part of a configuration management system.
Contacts
Contacts are an enterprise-wide address book of internal and external individuals, stakeholders, vendor liaisons, or others who
might have a business relationship with the organization.
Content pack
A content pack is a file containing operations, flows, actions (Java-based, .Net, or CloudSlang based), localization data, and CIs.
Content packs are deployed to the Central server and stored in the database. A content pack can be created in OO Workflow
Designer or OO Studio by an author, or it can be provided by 
Micro Focus
 or a third party.
Micro Focus
 provides a wide range of content packs with prepackaged flows, out-of-the-box integrations, and orchestration of
multiple systems. The content packs are available from ITOM Marketplace.
Content permission
Content permission is permission to view or run individual flows or the flows in a particular folder. Users who have been
assigned a specified role will be able to access the flows according to the content permissions assigned to their role.
For example, users with the 
Administrator
 role may be entitled to view and run all the flows in the system, while users with
the 
User
 role may be entitled to run certain flows, and have view permission for others.
Context
The context is a container that holds various values that can be exchanged with a step at various points. There are two kinds
of context:
Local context
 exists for the duration of the step.
Global context
 exists for the duration of the flow.
You can pass values to and from the local or global context.
Contract management
Contract management or contract administration is the management of contracts made with vendors.
Contract management includes negotiating the terms and conditions in contracts, and ensuring compliance with the terms and
conditions, as well as documenting and agreeing on any changes or amendments that may arise during the implementation or
execution of the contract.
Control Objectives for Information and related Technology (COBIT)
The acronym for Control Objectives for Information and related Technology (COBIT). COBIT is a set of best practices for IT
management created by the Information Systems Audit and Control Association (ISACA) and the IT Governance Institute (ITGI).
The framework provides managers, auditors, and IT users with a set of generally accepted measures, indicators, processes,
and best practices to assist them in maximizing the benefits and developing IT governance and control in a company.
CloudSlang
CloudSlang (
CloudSlang.io
) is an open source environment for process automation, which provides a textual language (YAML
over Python), a lightweight engine (which can be embedded in a Java process or run via a command line), and a content
library. All the CloudSlang code, including documentation and content, are available in GitHub CloudSlang repositories. Score
is a general-purpose Java-based open-source orchestration engine, which is process-based, embeddable, lightweight, scalable,
and multilingual. The CloudSlang language is a YAML (version 1.2) based language for describing a workflow that can be run
by Score engine. The supported file extensions are: .sl, .sl.yaml and .sl.yml.
CUR
Cost and Usage Reports (Amazon billing report data). 
D
DAH server
Distributed Action Handler (DAH) server is one component in Smart Analytics.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
522
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.