Suite restart process improvement by providing a pod dependency management framework. Additionally, you can now
use a new CDF script (cdfctl.sh) to restart your suite environment. For more information, see 
Restart the cluster hosts
.
Resource contention resolution by providing a pod startup throttling mechanism
Improvement on suite recovery from common failure scenarios
Improvement on pod affinity and anti-affinity rules
Upgrade
Improved suite version update robustness
Improved tenant content update robustness
An additional precheck step before suite version update to ensure smooth version update and also reduce system
downtime
For more information, see 
Upgrade the suite
.
Suite Administration
LDAP over SSL (LDAPS) is supported for external authentications with LDAP. Additionally, you can configure the GroupDN type
in LDAP server settings. For more information, see 
How to edit an account
.
2018.05
Service Management Studio
Studio in Service Management enables the creation of custom processed-based applications and supporting tables through
codeless configuration capabilities. Codeless configuration enables the management of applications, including defining and
editing an application's fields, forms, business rules, processes and notifications, as well as importing data and defining custom
actions for the application, all while preserving the ability to seamlessly update to future releases.
The Record Management module has been enhanced and renamed as Studio.
In addition to managing existing applications and records, you can also create custom applications and record types using
the Menu tab in Studio.
You can set approval plans for custom record types.
You can create many-to-many fields (associations) on the Fields tab.
Both many-to-many and one-to-many associations can be added to a form.
A check box named "Enable workflow" is added to custom action. When this check box is selected, some fields will be
created and can be utilized when you create business rules.
Tenant can now be an object in expression language.
Service Management
Some user options can be selected as "Filter by" or "Group by" fields.
Rolling update solution
This solution leverages the rolling update capability of Kubernetes to update SMAX from version 2018.02 to version 2018.05.
The rolling update capability updates the suite services in a certain order, and updates only 30% ~50% of the pods of a
service at one time, rather than taking down the entire service. This way, the system downtime caused by the suite update
process is minimized.
For more information about the update process, see 
Apply a version update
.
Deployment on AWS
As of this release, the following functions are supported to improve security and performance for deployment on AWS:
DMZ-like network architecture
RDS provisioning automation (automated deployment only)
Network Load Balancer
Application Load Balancer
Distribution across multiple Availability Zones
Provides more availability than single AZ. The overall service will not be impacted even if servers in an entire zone
are down.
Ensures balanced performance against availability. As control plane nodes and worker nodes are distributed on
multiple AZs instead of regions, the network latency between different AZs is less than 1 millisecond in most cases,
which guarantees minor performance penalties caused by latency.
Procurement Management
The Procurement module manages the end-to-end lifecycle of IT asset purchases. It tracks and manages purchase orders and
purchase order lines, as well as the relationship with purchase requests. It facilitates moving purchasing assets into stock and
reconciles with inventoried assets.
In Procurement Management, you can perform the following tasks:
Vendor catalog management
Purchase order management
Purchase request tracking
Asset receiving
Deployment on Azure
The suite can now be deployed on Azure in a production environment, with the limitations described in 
Plan an Azure
deployment
. The following functions are supported:
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
130
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.