You can now grant privilege to users for viewing request details in the customized tabs: 
Enable users to view the details of all requests in a custom tab
Enable users to view only the details of the requests they are entitled to
When you add query expressions to define the requests to be displayed in the customized tabs, three-level object
properties and some specific DSL functions are now supported.
See 
Instructions and tips
.
When you perform a Reject or Approve action in Service Portal, a dialog box is displayed and prompts you to add
comments.
For Approve action, tenant admin users can enable 
Show quick approval
 in 
Feature settings
 to display a
Quick Approve
 button for Service Portal users to approve without adding comments.
The 
global search issue
 in Service Portal was fixed by separating the Machine Learning sub-search logic for Related
Offerings into a dedicated action. Now the search results can include at most 5 related offerings based on search
relevancy and the search results are appended to the end of the normal search results which include at most 30 records.
You may disable the Machine Learning sub-search logic for Related Offerings in 
Feature settings
. 
Note:
 If you have applied the patches which include this search fix in earlier versions, then after you upgrade to this
release, the method provided to bypass the Machine Learning sub-search logic in these patches won't take effect
anymore. Instead, you may bypass it in 
Feature settings
.
Mobile app
This release introduces the following enhancements for the mobile app.
Agent mode
iOS
Incident management is now supported in Agent mode for iOS devices:
iOS 15 is newly supported in this release.
Android
You can now add solutions from the suggested solutions to your requests.
You can now view the related records and involved CIs of the requests.
You can now view the updates and comments of the requests in the 
Activity 
tab.
The actions from the "more actions  
 
" list are moved to the 
Account 
bottom tab.  
Android 12 is newly supported in this release.
Login improvements
The UI design of the login page is enhanced to provide clearer instructions for login.
If you log out of the mobile app and then log in again, the system will automatically fill in your username according to
your previous login information.
Functional improvements
You can now use the rich text box to edit your contents for Android devices.
See 
mobile app
. 
Installation, upgrade, and system maintenance
Support for the following operating systems is discontinued: 
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7.7, 8.0, 8.1
CentOS 7.7 and 8.
x
Oracle Linux 7.7, 8.0, 8.1
To improve the search performance on AKS with Azure Files, you can now create a StorageClass for Azure Disks to store
the Smart Analytics and RabbitMQ data and use Azure Files to store all the other data. See 
Subscribe premium Azure Files
and Azure Disks
 for details.
Containerd replaces Docker as the CDF container runtime. If you are upgrading to CDF 2021.11 from an earlier version,
the migration from Docker to containerd is automatic. However, you may need to temporarily add a worker node to your
cluster.
The suite upgrade process includes an additional prerequisite step to create a database for the Integration Engine (which
didn't require a database prior to this release). See 
Create a database for the Integration Engine
.
The downtime during the suite upgrade this time will last longer and may range from about 30 minutes to one hour
because of an encryption algorithm change in this release.
Change FQDN: the 
fqdn-replace.sh 
script has been refactored and the process has changed accordingly—now you need
to run the 
replaceExternalAccessHost.sh
 script first to change the FQDN for the CDF cluster and then run the 
fqdn-
replace.sh 
script to change the FQDN for the suite. See 
Change FQDN
. 
SMAX Content packs released on 
Micro Focus
 Marketplace
Supporting resources for this release are available to download for free from the 
Micro Focus
 ITOM Marketplace:
SMA Cloud Deployment Package
SMA Operation Toolkit
SMA Support Assistant
SMA Doctor
SMA Monitor
SMAX Studio Apps
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
110
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.