methods for our internal agents to start processes, but by directing all end user communication through requests we can keep
our backend functions separate from (but connected to) our customer-facing functions. Whether the service desk is taking a
phone call, responding to an email, or the end user makes a request directly through the Service Management Automation
Service Portal, the result in our system will be a request.
In Service Management Automation X the Request process is ready to go out of the box, but there are a few places where we
might want to configure it a little before we begin. The first thing we need to look at is the record categories we want to use.
Notice that these record categories are completely separate from the service categories we created for the service catalog.
Setting up our Record Categories
The first thing we want our system to do is to help the service desk agents classify the request while providing initial support.
Initial support in our case means the analysis, evaluation, and routing of the request by our first line agents. By classifying the
request into a pre-defined category we can help the initial agent ask the proper questions and direct the request to the proper
group. One thing to keep in mind though is the fact we can't be 100% sure we have the right category for a request until we're
finished with it. So it's important to train our agents to review the categorization at the end of the request process and correct
it when necessary.
Categorizing the requests will also assist us in investigating the requests over time and determining specific trouble areas
where we may need to invest in improving our service offerings or even change the existing services themselves.
In Service Management Automation X the record categories are defined using a three-level hierarchy, so we can have two
levels of sub-categorization under the main categories. We don't have to use all three levels for every category though. Once
we add a record category, we won’t be able to delete it (that would 'break' the data integrity of existing records that used it),
but we can make them inactive so agents can't add them to new records. Either way, we should do our homework and try our
best to build an accurate categorization structure for our services. The effort here will be well worth the time spent.
One thing we might want to consider here is whether we want to add a catch-all record category. This might be useful as we
train our agents or bring someone new onboard, as it might not be clear to them which category to use. If we create an
'Unknown' category, it will give them a quick way of getting past the classification process. However, if we do this we need to
think about adding a business rule (Service Management Automation X’s method of letting us change the out-of-the-box
workflow of a process) that won’t allow a request to close while still in the “Unknown” category. Having the “Unknown”
category exist after a request closes would make it much harder for the request managers to mine the data for trends and
problem areas.
The exact steps used to 
create and edit categories
 can be found in the online documentation.
Creating Views and Reports for the Dashboard
The next thing we want to do is give our agents some quick and easy ways to see what's going on in the system and get to the
tickets they need to work on. The first thing they will see when they log in is the system dashboard, but then each user can
customize the dashboard to fit their personal preference and work habits. I will need to review the list of out of the box reports
and add any I think our agents might want or need.
The second thing we need to do is to make sure there are adequate views defined for our agents. The agents will use these
views to manage their workload and determine which Requests they should work on. There are already pre-defined views such
as 'My Requests’, which should be enough for the majority of our agents. However, one manager requested that I make a
public view of 'All Active Critical Requests'.
I can easily create this view by going to the requests list from the 'Service Request' menu. From there I need to edit the
current filter to what I want, that click the 'Edit views' button at the top of the screen. Using the 'Save view as' option I can
name the new view the way I want and mark it as public so everyone can view it.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
163
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.