Expert recommendation for ticket handling
Machine learning-based expert recommendation for ticket handling is now available:
Agent users can set their area of expertise in their user profile, and admin users can set expertise to ticket owners or
assignees based on Hot Topic Analytics.
When an agent opens a Request or Incident record, the side pane of the record displays relevant experts based on agent
skills matching the natural language text in the record, and the agent can interact with a suggested expert with the
following actions: Email, Chat, Add as expert assignee, Add to Major incident team (for incidents), Add as follower (for
requests), or Call in Teams.
See 
Expert recommendation for ticket handling settings
.
"My Groups" based filtering
"My Groups" is now available as a filtering option for all entity links referencing the Group table for all modules, including
custom modules. You can use this option in the filter of a record list, an operational report, a 1:M or M:M relationship, or a
customized tab in Service Portal. 
Disable notifications for person with selected status
A new application setting is added. People with the selected status(es) will not receive email notifications sent by the system
(for example, through business rules or scheduled reports). The status can be 
Active
, 
Leave of
absence
, 
Retired
, 
Terminated
, and 
Inactive
. If you have custom status defined, they are also supported. For a newly
deployed tenant, this setting is set to 
Leave of absence
, 
Retired
, 
Terminated
, and 
Inactive
 by default.
Recipient allowlist behavior change
In earlier versions, leaving the 
Recipient allowlist
 application setting empty will allow the domain check to be bypassed. In
this release, a behavior change has been introduced. Now, entering an asterisk (*) will allow the domain check to be
bypassed, while leaving this field empty will stop emails from being sent to any external recipients.  
Note For customers who used to set this field as empty, if they want the same behavior, the 
Recipient allowlist
 needs to be
updated as 
*
 after a suite upgrade.
Capability to support multiple-selection lists
With Service Management, you can use the List type in a user option or the ENUM field type for single-selection from an
enumeration list. Now, a new Multi-Select List type of user option or ENUM_SET general field type is available to serve a
multiple-selection list use case.
A new "Multi-Select List" field type is available in user options and a new "ENUM_SET" logical type is available in Studio.
They allow you to define user options or custom fields for multiple selections.
DND aggregated offering now supports the Multi-Select type of List in the Service Design mapping with the Multi-Select
List user option in the aggregated offering.
This new Multi-Select List of user options or ENUM_SET field type supports regular DSL expressions and functions that are
applicable to collections, for example, UNION, JOIN, INTERSECTION, CONTAIN, etc.
This new Multi-Select List of user options or ENUM_SET field type supports business rules that are applicable to ENUM
values. For example, "Set field" and "Define suggested values." Special business rules for collections are also applicable,
for example, "Append or remove values in a multi-value field."
You can display the Multi-Select List of user options or ENUM_SET field values in the grid view, you can also add them to
filter conditions based on flexible operators, group by list values, and use them in reporting and exporting, etc.
The Multi-Select List capability is also available in the mobile app.
Note: For cloud offerings aggregated from DND which include List user options, if the value of the user option is defined in
a script, the value can’t be retrieved from the mobile app.
Limitation: Pricing for Multi-Select List of user options is not supported for now.
Create M:M associations between two OOB record types
You can create new associations between OOB record types. See 
Enable a custom association between two out-of-the-box
record types
.
For example, you can create associations between Article and Person:
Several People can be Responsible for an Article
A Person can be Responsible for several Articles
Default columns of M:M grids 
When adding an M:M Grid to a form, you can specify what columns should be displayed by default. 
Separation of self-service role permissions and agent role permissions
A new tenant setting 
Agent interface inherits self-service role permissions
 controls the modules and features that
agent users can access from the agent interface UI based on either of the following:
Only their agent role permissions (when this setting is 
Off
)
Both their self-service role permissions and agent role permissions (when this setting is 
On
)
By default, this setting is set to 
Off
 for newly created tenants and set to 
On
 for upgraded tenants (so upgraded tenants
continue to work as before by default). 
Right-to-left layout improvements
Hebrew is now officially supported and available as an out-of-the-box language option.
The right-to-left (RTL) layout is now enhanced for RTL languages in the Agent interface, including:
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
105
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.