Updates
Overview
Moving to container-based delivery intends to also simplify the update experience for customers. Ideally, the customer
experience for installation is simple:
Install infrastructure
Install a suite
Use the suite
At best, all the steps are easy. The outcome is a fully configured, integrated, working Suite. Similarly, the customer experience
for update should be equally simple:
A notification that there is some update available
The update is applied
The complexity involved with making installation and update simple is considerable.
Updating the code is the easy part: swap a container image for another container image. The complexity comes with database
schemas, data migration, configuration data and rollback.
Definitions
Releases occur every 6 months. The version naming scheme is therefore YYYY.MM[.Pn]
An update is moving from one release to a next release. Updates can be skipped.
A suite version consists of a set of images, each with its own version. Other versioned artifacts can be ZIP files, metadata files
and Helm charts.
Image versions may follow various numbering schemes:
YYYY.MM with optional <build>
Semantic versioning (with optional build number)
Regardless of the versioning scheme for image tags, different update versions will be clearly distinguishable by their image
tag value.
Update types
Typical
Every suite update changes the image composition of a suite.
Updates occur as and when bugs need to be fixed.
Bigger updates occur every 3 or 6 months.
Updates are provided via Docker Hub.
Types, delivery, installation
The following table lists the types of suite updates support.
Update type
Delivery
Applied how?
Updates
Docker Hub
OMT Management Portal, OMT AppHub, Helm CLI, script, manual
Hotfix
Support channel
Helm CLI, script, manual
Layer split
The following runtime layers exist for OMT:
Type
Components in this layer
Update how
Delivery
Non-
containerized
Containerd, Kubelet
Script
ZIP
Kubernetes
containerized
API server, controller, scheduler
Script
ZIP
OMT AppHub
Management portal, Nginx ingress controller, IDM,
PostgreSQL, Fluentd and others
External script ; Helm CLI,
images from Docker Hub
Docker Hub
for images
ZIP for script
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
433
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.