specific type of change to make it as efficient as possible.
Setting up Change Management
Setting up change management is nearly identical to setting up the other modules we have addressed so far. Change uses the
same record categories we have seen before, so we need to review those and create any that we need specifically for
changes. We can also review the existing views and reports and add any we might find necessary.
There are a few things, however, that are specific to change management we need to address to ensure the best experience
for our agents. This includes setting up a few change models for common types of changes and defining the blackout and
maintenance windows for the change calendar.
Creating Change Models
There are many pieces of information that go into creating a change request. Along with the actual SACM components that are
being changed, the requester needs to provide various pieces of data that include:
A description of the change, including the reason for the change and the justification for it
Change classification information, including the categorization, risk, urgency, and projected impact of the change
When the change will be made and how long it will take
Who needs to review the change and approve it
An implementation plan (and a remediation plan in case of failure, including specific tasks necessary to complete the
change
So you can see that creating a change isn't a simple procedure. However, over time we will most likely perform the same type
of change multiple times.
To make this process more efficient, Service Management Automation X provides the ability to create change models. Change
models are much like service offerings as they define all the information needed to request a specific type of change.
Not only does this make it easier to create changes, but Service Management Automation X also tracks the success rate and
the risk criteria for all changes created with a specific change model. This will allow us to identify specific types of changes
prone to failure or that have high risk. We can then work with our experts to modify the processes they use to make the
change, with the goal of raising the success percentage and lowering the risk.
The success analysis and risk statistics I mentioned are also visible on each change record as well as a list of the last few
similar changes. These are visible on the right-hand side of each change in a separate section titled 'Additional information'. If
you can’t see the graphs, you’ll need to expand it by clicking on the arrow at the top of the section.
You can find more information about change models in the 
online documentation
.
Setting up Time Periods
One of the important aspects of a change is scheduling when it will occur. Because they may affect the services we are
providing to our end users, it's important to minimize any impact the change may have on their operation. One way we try to
minimize this impact is to schedule times for when changes may take place (maintenance windows) and times where they
aren't (blackout periods).
We create the maintenance windows and blackout periods in Service Management Automation X using time periods. With time
periods, it's easy to define recurring events using a simple and easy to understand scheduling mechanism.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
208
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.