Plan the deployment
Your deployment plan varies depending on the product components ("capabilities") that you choose to deploy and the size of
your environment. To create a deployment plan: 
1
. 
Choose a deployment option
2
. 
Choose a deployment size
3
. 
Calculate the hardware resource requirements
Choose a deployment option
Capability installation considerations
SMA offers a number of capabilities to meet different business needs. During the suite installation, you can select the
capabilities according to your business needs. The following table lists the available capabilities. The SMA capability is
mandatory, and the other ones are optional and you can install them at a later time on top of an existing installation (they're
therefore referred to as "add-on capabilities"). 
Capability
Description
Notes
Service
Management
Automation
(SMA)
Provides the core business functionality of SMAX: Service
Management (the agent interface), Service Portal (self-service
user interface), and Suite Administration (suite administrator
interface). 
Mandatory for all new installations
Service
Manager
Portal
Service
(SMPS)
Services required to integrate an external Service Manager
system with SMA Service Portal.
Mandatory for 
SMA-SM
 customers
Needed only for SMAX customers
who want to additionally deploy one
or more Service Manager tenants
Design and
Deploy
(DND)
SMAX Cloud Management offers the DND capability. The DND
capability enables customers to make new cloud service
offerings based on published service designs available to
consumers. 
Image Aggregation and Content Store capabilities are part of
DND.
Image Aggregation (IA) showcases cloud
service templates from the marketplace portals of AWS,
Microsoft Azure, and vCenter. As a cloud business service
manager, you can use the Aggregator to instantly create and
offer new services from these templates without having to
create an automation asset.
Content Store enables customers to download the latest
content packages or capsules published on the ITOM
Marketplace and use the Content Store to easily install them
into the HCMX suite. Customers can also use the Content
Store to install custom content packages or capsules.
For Cloud Management
Optional for SMAX customers
Requires a separate HCMX license
Before enabling and using the
Design and Deploy functionality,
you should install and enable
Operations Orchestration(OO)
Containerized capability. For more
information, see 
Install OO on-
premises
 and 
Enable OO
Containerized
.
Important
The sizing recommendations are the minimum dedicated resources required for running the suite (lab tests
indicate the average CPU usage is 40 ~ 60%, and memory usage is 75 ~ 85%). The sizing recommendations
below don't consider the following:
Any other applications that you may run in the environment, especially high resource-consuming
software such as antivirus or mining software
The extra load as the volume of tickets in the system increases over time
For node high availability, better system performance, and stability in production, you can add one or two
extra worker nodes. This is important especially if you have a different user load, business throughput, and
data volume size or if you're uncertain about your business needs.
You must use external databases in a production environment. Using a physical database server for the suite
can help you achieve optimal performance.
In a production environment, to avoid a single point of failure, use three control plane nodes to achieve high
availability supported by the failover mechanism of the suite. The sizing information below has taken this
recommendation into account. However, if you still want to deploy only one control plane node, use the same
hardware configurations (worker nodes, database, and NFS storage) as described below, except that you use
one control plane node instead of three. Meanwhile, you need to follow the backup procedures as described
in the backup and restore section.


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
543
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.