Service Management Automation X gives us further insight into what types of changes completed successfully versus those
that were not. In the example shown here, we can see that having a build a test plan and having an execution task plan were
strong indicators of the overall success rate. This might lead us to either train our change owners on these features or even
require these attributes for changes above a certain risk threshold.
Finally, we can also take a look at the KPI measurement over time. This will give us a better idea whether any changes we
make to our process affect the success rate of our changes. For example, if we were to perform the training we just mentioned
in the middle of February, we might see a definite increase in the success rate after that point. We can also see that hiring my
wife’s cousin Vinnie on February 27th might not have been such a great idea…
Standard Changes
This KPI measures the percentage of standard changes (those that use the standard workflow) out of the selected changes. In
our IT environment, we should strive to create an approved and documented process for any repeatable change. This will
result in many change models in the system being marked as standard, and we know from experience that these types of
changes are more successful in a shorter time frame than other types. In fact, if we didn’t already know that, Service
Management Automation X will tell us how much more efficient and successful they are as part of this analytic.
Service Management Automation X will also nominate some change models that are following the normal workflow as
candidates for the standard workflow. It looks at all of the change models to find the ones that have low impact, low risk, and a
high rate of success.
Again, we have the ability to look at this KPI over time to see how we are doing in an ongoing manner.
Change automation
This KPI displays the percentage of changes that contain automated tasks in their execution plan. Another way we can make
our change management process more efficient is to automate as many repeatable steps of a change model as we can.
Automated processes are faster and less error-prone than comparable manual ones.
Not only will Service Management Automation X tell us how many of our changes we automated, it will also calculate:
The difference in success rate in automated changes versus non-automated ones
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
215
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.