See 
SMA mobile app
.
Installation, upgrade, and system maintenance
This release introduces the following changes in the installation and upgrade process:
This release supports installation on OpenShift Container Platform in an on-premises environment in general availability.
Additionally, you can optionally use StorageClass for dynamic provisioning for an installation on OpenShift. 
To improve the search performance on AKS with Azure Files, a new block storage solution is now available. You can install
the suite using Azure Files and migrate the Smart Analytics and RabbitMQ data to Azure Disks after suite 
deployment
 or
upgrade
.
This release supports deploying the containerized CMS on OpenShift Container Platform in an on-premises environment.
See 
Install containerized CMS (OpenShift)
.
2021.02
Mobile app
This release speeds up the loading time when you log in to the mobile app. Also, a process bar is displayed to show the
loading status when you log in to the mobile app or switch from Service Portal mode to Agent mode. This feature is for iOS
devices only by this release.
When you switch between different accounts, you don’t need to re-enter your username and password if the session for
the selected account isn't expired. This feature is for iOS devices only by this release.
Service Portal mode
The groups and sections defined for 
user options
 are now supported on the mobile app in this release.
When you create a request, you can now perform more actions in the rich text box, including formatting descriptions,
adding attachments, and scanning barcodes or QR codes. This feature is for iOS devices only by this release.
The layout of request and approval details page is improved for better user experience.
Agent mode
Note
: The agent mode of the Service Portal mobile app is available as Early Access in this release on iOS devices only. 
You can now add solutions from the suggested solutions to your requests.
You can now view the related records and involved CIs of the requests.
You can now scan barcodes or QR codes when you add assets/CIs to a request.
You can now view and manage the tasks assigned to you or your group. This feature is only supported for SMAX 2021.02.
You can now view and add attachments for the requests and tasks.
You can now view the detailed information of Person records and contact the person by tapping the phone number, the
email address or the location.
When you perform a global search, the search results can also return relevant knowledge articles or news.
You can now define additional 11 forms for agent mode from 
Service Management
 > 
Studio
 > 
Forms
. For more
information, see 
Configure the Service Portal mobile app
.
For more information, see 
Service Portal mobile app for iOS
 and 
https://community.microfocus.com/t5/SMAX-Learn/Live-
Meetings-for-SMAX-Software-Community-Technical/ta-p/1616351
.
Asset Management enhancements
Expense line enhancements
A stacked bar chart is provided to show the comparison of the planned budget and the actual expenses incurred for a
certain 
budget
.
A History tab is added to the 
expense lines
 to show the updates made to an expense line.
New SAM enhancements
You are now able to calculate license compliance for VMware products including VMware VirtualCenter (vCenter), VMware
vRealize Operations (vROps), and VMware vSphere Suite, with out of the box license rules and metrics. For more
information, see 
Best practice of creating compliance reports for VMware products
.
Note Currently, SAM's VMware content is available only to the containerized CMS 2021.02 deployment. If you are using
classic or containerized CMS 2020.11, you won't be able to create compliance reports for VMware products.
You can now 
maintain the license compatibility matrix
 following publishers' official document by using an easy-to-use
graphic editor. With this capability, SAM can transfer licenses based on your license usage and license pool, which means
you can make full use of your purchased licenses.
Service Management enhancements
Granular access control for the Administration modules
The tenant admin can now grant a selected role the desired permissions for individual Service Management administration
modules, through two-layer access control: administration menu visibility control and CRUD (Create/View/Update/Delete)
Important  
To access new CMS images in this release, make sure that you follow the instructions in 
Activate
your Docker Hub account
 to submit a request for 
Micro Focus
 to authorize or reauthorize your Dock Hub account
for CMS.


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
116
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.