Service Level Management
Service Levels
At this point, we have all the tools we need to take our end users’ requests and handle our incidents. What we don’t have yet is
a way to let our agents know which ones they should work on first. Similarly, we have no way to quantify the quality of our
service delivery to our End users. No one will believe us if we just say we’re doing a good job, we need a way of measuring the
level of service we are providing, which we can then use to drive the correct prioritizing of the agent’s work.
We can measure the quality of our service delivery by defining service level agreements with our customers (our end users’
management in our case) to deliver their required services within pre-defined objectives. These agreements will allow us to set
measurable objectives for providing our services and how long it should take to handle issues that the users run into with
those services. 
Service level management is the process we will use to define, monitor, and adjust these service level agreements with our
customers. Specifically, this process will allow us to:
Set measurable objectives for all IT services
Create a relationship with the customer that fosters communication
Ensure that the customer understands the level of service to be provided
Monitor the quality of the delivered services
Improve service quality when necessary.
Service Management Automation X allows us to define these objectives in our end user facing processes (encompassing
service and support requests, and our internal processes incidents).
Agreements
There are two types of agreements tracked within Service Management Automation X, 
service level agreements
 (SLAs) and
operational level agreements
 (OLAs).
The service level agreement is an agreement between ourselves (as the IT service provider) and a customer. The operational
level agreement is an agreement between the IT service provider (again us) and another part of our own organization. The
Service Level Management
In this chapter, Glenn will look at the service level management area of Service Management Automation X.
Service level management (SLM) allows you to measure the quality of service delivery by defining service level
agreements with your customers to deliver their required services within pre-defined objectives. SMAX allows the
organization to measure both customer focused and internal focused objectives.
The service level targets created in these agreements are reflected in the requests and incidents created in the
system, allowing agents to better prioritize their workload by tackling the issues that will breach a target first.
Service level data may be collected and reported upon to allow you to change existing service level targets with
your customers or highlight trouble areas where you may need more resources or need to make changes in the
current process.


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
186
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.