Release Management
Using Release Management
Now we have our change management processes under control, and we can handle changing our IT environment. But what
happens when we need to make a bunch of changes to the environment at the same time, and those changes are all
interconnected? How are we going to coordinate who does what and in what order?
Service Management Automation X provides the release management process for just that purpose. Release management
allows us to plan, design, build, configure and test releases in a controlled manner. These releases comprise distinct release
components, which are simply changes. Now our release manager has an easy way of keeping their eye on all these changes
at once and can manage the entire group of changes as a single entity.
The Release also allows us to do our planning at a higher level, including the definition of specific tasks or approvals that apply
to the overall release rather than each unique change. This allows us to add work that needs to be done before and/or after all
the specific changes have been implemented.
Release
Release management allows a release manager to plan, schedule, and control multiple changes and additions to
existing services. The release provides a single pane of glass to organize and coordinate many related changes
implemented by different people or teams.
The Service Management Automation X release management module:
Helps you create, manage, and deploy releases, and the changes in a release.
Helps you schedule and track the status of included changes.
Provides standard methods and procedures.
Provides release level reporting, with actionable tiles that drill into changes in different release statuses.
Release management allows you to create specific tasks and/or approvals for the release. These activities are tied
to the release itself and not to the underlying tasks and are useful for specific actions that must be performed
either before or after the changes are implemented.


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
217
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.