Date/time
If the field is a date or date_time you must specify the value using a 
Unix timestamp
. Most scripting tools are capable of
converting user-friendly date/times to Unix timestamps. Additionally, there are a number of online tools that can create these
timestamps, including the one found 
here
. Service Management Automation X requires that you define the timestamp down to
the millisecond.  In this example a field named InitialTime_c was created and the unix timestamp was used when the update
was made.
When the Requests history is viewed it will appear as a humain readable date:
Special considerations of the EMS REST API
The EMS REST API has a few special considerations that must be followed:
A query will fail if the result returns more than 4K records, unless the default maximum number of results is increased.
Results are returned in batches of 250 records at a time by default, which can be modified using the “size” parameter.
Information on the skip parameter below.
When querying for fields that are entity links, the id of the related record is returned (rather than the display label).
The maximum size of a request body is 1 MB. If the body size is larger than 1 MB, a "413 Request Entity Too Large" error
will occur.
Locking system – service behavior
The EMS data engine implements an optimistic locking system to prevent clients from accidentally overwriting each other’s
data. Without appropriate validation, two clients can retrieve the same record, edit it and send it to the server for update. One
of the changes is committed first and the second one overwrites the record. The optimistic locking approach checks the
version or timestamp of the record when it arrives and only allows updates on it if the incoming version isn't lower than the
version currently stored in the database.
When a record is received for update, if it doesn't pass the optimistic locking version validation, the transaction fails. In such
cases, the REST API returns HTTP status code 409. In case of a bulk API, the 409 status is returned in the body of the response,
inside the JSON which represents the corresponding record result.
Note  
To use this locking system, the incoming record must include the 
LastUpdateTime
 property with the value assigned to it
when it was retrieved from the server.
The locking system isn't relevant to the Analytics REST API.
Retrieving information from Service Management Automation X
The EMS API can retrieve any information available to the entity grid (list of records) in the Service Management Automation X
user interface. Parameters are available to the REST request that allow you to apply specific Filters to the query, as well as
specify which fields should be included in the returned result. Results are returned in the JSON data format, so you may need
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
311
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.