Request Management
Setting up Service Request
Once we have our service catalog set up we need to give our agents a way to fulfill the incoming requests and respond to the
end users. This is the primary job function of our service desk, and they will handle those requests through the request
management module.
The easiest way to think about the process is that any interaction with the end user will go through a request. We have other
Request Management
Request management handles the end to end process of receiving a request from an end user and fulfilling it. A
properly prepared request management process reduces the load on agents by allowing end users to fulfill their
own requests without agent involvement either by automating common request offerings (such as password
resets) or providing knowledge that will allow the end user to answer a question by themselves.
In order to direct the implementation towards this end, the service desk managers must take the time to
investigate the requests that don't fit an existing offering or can't be resolved using the existing knowledge base.
With this information, new pre-defined offerings (with specified task plans) may be created and new knowledge
articles may be added to the system to improve the experience for the next request of the same type.
The ability to assist end users with their requests may also be measured in targeted surveys. These surveys can
gather feedback on areas ranging from the agents’ performance to the overall satisfaction with a particular
service.
By the end of this section, Glenn will:
Learn how to setup record categories for the request management process
Create views and reports for the dashboard in order to help agents find existing requests
Show how the Live Support feature helps agents quickly enter new requests manually
See how to import existing solutions into knowledge articles to assist end users and agents in finding
solutions to their issues
Find out how to create survey campaigns to track the quality of the service request management is providing
to the end users


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
162
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.