Suite namespace naming convention change:
For each new installation of the SMA suite, the suite namespace is no longer itsma<n> (itsma1, itsma2, and so on). The
namespace uses the following format: itsma-xxxxx (xxxxx refers to a randomly generated string). An example suite name
is 
itsma-bjldt
. If your environment is upgraded to this release, the suite namespace remains unchanged. For example, 
itsma
1
. You can enable tab completion of the suite namespace so that you can use the Tab key to automatically complete the
randomly generated string. For details, see 
Enable tab completion of the suite namespace
.
Additional OS support
:
This release adds support of the following operating systems for both on-premises and on-cloud deployments (AWS and
Azure):
CentOS 7.6
RHEL 7.6
OEL 7.6
Note
: CentOS/RHEL/OEL 7.2 and 7.3 are no longer supported.
Swedish support
Swedish support is added for Service Management, Service Portal, and the mobile app.
Simplified login authentication
:
You can set the default login type to FEDERATION, LDAP, or DB in the tenant details page.
The email address of a user can be changed but the same Person record is kept in SMAX so the history is maintained.
You can set users using DB authentication to log in with their email address.
2018.08
This release provides key enterprise readiness improvements in the areas of installation and configuration, logging and
troubleshooting, suite recovery from planned or unplanned events, and upgrades. In addition, this release also enhances the
SMAX Service Portal by providing new company request tracking tab. This release provides key enterprise readiness
improvements in the following areas: installation and configuration, logging and troubleshooting, suite recovery from planned
or unplanned events, and upgrade. Additionally, this release enhances the SMAX Service Portal by providing a new company
request tracking tab.
Expanding our Public cloud support, this release also enhances our HA deployment for SMAX on Azure Public Cloud by using
Azure Internal load balancer (ILB) for multiple-control plane node deployments.
The following are key highlights of this release.
SMAX Service Portal
New company request tracking tab: A company tab extends self-service capabilities by providing a company level view of
requests for selected administrative roles. Requests can be filtered and sorted in the grid columns, and data can be
exported to a predefined Excel template. The company tab is available to users with an administrator-defined role, and
the data to be displayed in the grid can be controlled with request meta-phase.
Search relevancy improvements for “phrase” queries (by disabling spell check when the search term is enclosed in double
quotation marks)
UI changes on the Service Portal feature settings page:
New configuration option to display all upper case or user entered text
Ability to configure the text color on the Category tile
Ability to define user's text input interval for search
For detailed information, see
 Configure Service Portal feature settings
.
Public cloud
Improved high availability of multiple-control plane node deployments on Azure by using Azure internal load balancer. For
more information, see 
Internal load balancer
.
Upgrade guidelines and scripts are available for SMAX deployment on AWS. The upgrade process for AWS deployments is
same as that for on-premises deployments. For more information, see 
Apply a version update
.
Enterprise readiness
In this release, there is a dedicated focus on enterprise readiness to enhance the installation, management, and operation of
the suite.
Installation and configuration
The precheck and post-installation configuration scripts have been improved
Relevant error messages and pod status are displayed during suite installation
NFS sizing tool - an interactive tool is available on 
Micro Focus
 ITOM Marketplace, which can dynamically calculate the NFS
folder sizes required for your specific on-premises deployment. For more information, see 
Sizing considerations
.
Additional support of the following operating systems (see 
Support matrix for on-premise deployment
):
64-bit CentOS 7.5
64-bit RHEL 7.5
64-bit OEL 7.5
Logging and troubleshooting
Auto archiving of log files: a script is provided to automatically compress and move log files from a source folder to a
destination folder on a regular basis by scheduling an archiving job using the cron service. For more information, see
Auto-archiving_logs
.
The SMA-SM troubleshooting documentation has been improved with common scenarios. For more information, see 
SMAX
issues
.
Recovery from planned and unplanned events
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
129
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.