Deployment models
Deployment options
The following table shows the deployment options, based on whether or not you want to use the embedded Kubernetes
bundled with OMT.
Platform
Uses OMT embedded K8S?
AWS EKS
No
Azure AKS
No
Google EKS
No
Alicloud Container Service
No
Oracle Cloud
No
Red Hat Openshift
No
Rancher RKE
No
Bare metal or virtual machines inside customer datacenter
Yes
OMT can be deployed with or without embedded Kubernetes and selected infrastructure components for logging/monitoring
and dashboarding, container image registry, volume provisioning (NFS).
Deployment can occur on physical machines or virtual machines.
OMT without embedded Kubernetes
For installations on external Kubernetes instance (cloud or on-premise), use OMT without its embedded Kubernetes.
OMT is installed directly onto a dedicated or shared external Kubernetes cluster. How such a cluster is made available depends
on the cloud vendor or the customer in case of on-premise installation.
In this setup, OMT only installs containerized components and does not install any of its embedded Kubernetes infrastructure.
In cloud installations, the physical cluster setup inside the vendor's datacenter is opaque. Control plane nodes are typically off
limits and/or not visible at all. In most environments, Pod scheduling isn't possible on control plane nodes.
Command-line access to worker node may or may not be possible, again this depends on the vendor.
OMT assumes that control plane and worker node access using command line SSH isn't possible and that the only access to an
external Kubernetes instance is remote and via kubectl (possibly via a bastion (also known as jumpstation) host).
OMT with embedded Kubernetes
For on-premise installations use OMT with embedded Kubernetes.
OMT is installed on regular Linux OS hosts. No special configuration except a set of prerequisite packages is required. Refer to
the Suite installation documentation for the package prerequisites. Some Suites may have additional configuration
requirements for the cluster hosts, please consult the Suite installation documentation.
Micro Focus recommends minimal installations of the supported Linux distributions. Refer to the platform matrix for the
supported Linux distributions.
There is no requirement for Internet access for the servers that will host the OMT infrastructure. However, if the 1
st
 control
plane server has Internet access (direct or via proxy) then this will improve the installation experience as the Suite container
images can be downloaded directly on the node where they will need to be imported from into the local image registry.
The majority of the OMT components are containerized. The container runtime, Kubernetes' Kubelet and a set of utility scripts
run directly on the host OS.
OMT configurations
Without embedded Kubernetes
The Kubernetes cluster configuration in terms of number of control plane and worker nodes and their size is defined by the
customer and the cloud vendor. ITOM applications such as AppHub define resource requirements in terms of required CPU,
RAM and external disk space.
With embedded Containerd/Kubernetes
OMT can be deployed in various configurations for various purposes: single node, multiple nodes and multiple nodes with
multiple control plane nodes.
The diagram below shows the four basic configurations and the typical use-cases.
For production use the two rightmost configurations can be used, although only the rightmost multiple control plane with
multiple workers has the highest level of high availability (HA). 
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
408
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.