Prepare external databases
You must use external databases for OPTIC Management Toolkit (OMT) and the suite in a production environment. For
information about supported external databases, see 
Support matrix for on-premises deployment
. 
General requirements for PostgreSQL databases
To set up SMAX with PostgreSQL databases, you must meet the following requirements:
Configurations described in this section, including parameters per profile (see the 
Prepare external PostgreSQL for
SMA 
section), 
PostgreSQL version matrix
, and PostgreSQL encoding (utf8), must be applied.
You must be able to create a user with the 
create db
 role. Then, you can create databases with this newly created user.
The database owner must be able to perform Create, Read, Update, and Delete operations on its own database objects
(table, index, and so on).
As SMAX needs long and live connections with databases, the timeout of the PostgreSQL solution should be longer than
the timeout setting of the heartbeat between SMAX and the database. The database heartbeat is determined by the
IDLE_CONNECTION_TEST_PERIOD
 parameter in the 
itom-xruntime-infra-config
 configmap.
The PostgreSQL high availability environment needs to be accessed by a single IP or FQDN.
Low network latency is required. We recommend a network latency lower than 0.5 ms.
Install PostgreSQL
1
. 
Install a supported version of PostgreSQL. 
If you want to use a PostgreSQL high availability setup, see 
High availability PostgreSQL with Patroni
. 
2
. 
Prepare a PostgreSQL admin user with "Superuser" role. In the steps below, it's referred to as "<postgres admin>."
3
. 
If your database server uses SSL for connection, obtain the database CA certificate in PEM (Base64 encoded) format,
which can have a file extension of .pem, .cer, or .crt. Later, you will need to specify this certificate when running the 
install
script to install OMT and when configuring databases in the installation portal UI. 
4
. 
Configure PostgreSQL to use the 
scram-sha-256
 encryption algorithm. To do this, set the parameter in the
postgresql.conf
 file:
password_encryption=scram-sha-256
On the PostgreSQL server host, run the 
psql
 command to connect to your PostgreSQL instance, and then run the
following SQL command to reload the PostgreSQL server configuration so that the change takes effect: 
select pg_reload_conf();
Run the following SQL command to verify that the setting is 
scram-sha-256
:
show password_encryption;
Now, you need to run the following SQL command to reset the DBA user password (the password can be either new or the
same as before). This changes your current password to use the SCRAM-SHA-256 password encryption.
alter user <DBA user> with password 'xxxx';
5
. 
The default value of the 
listen_addresses
 parameter in the 
postgresql.conf
 file is "localhost", which means only
localhost can connect to the PostgreSQL instance. You need to set 
listen_addresses = '*'
 to allow remote connections. 
6
. 
In addition, we recommend that you turn off Just-in-Time Compilation (JIT) for better performance. To do this, check if the
line 
jit=off
 is in the 
postgresql.conf
 file. If not, add it to the file. 
7
. 
Restart PostgreSQL. 
Configure external PostgreSQL databases for OMT
OMT uses two databases:
OMT API Server database: Specify the following database connection parameters in command-line options when you run
Caution
: The internal PostgreSQL services embedded in OMT and the suite are deprecated and might be
obsoleted in a future release. Don't use the internal PostgreSQL services for new installations.


Tip
: The following procedures include steps to configure the pg_hba.conf file for PostgreSQL. For more
information about how to configure the parameters in this file (connection type, database name, user name, client
IP address range, and authentication method), refer to your specific PostgreSQL documentation (for example, the
PostgreSQL 14 documentation
). 


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
574
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.