few minutes).
We need to look at the results for any:
Failed records — this could be the result of changes being made to Production outside of our Dev2Prod process
Removed records where we did not delete any configuration records - again, this could point out new System
Configuration changes outside of our process.
If there are any unexpected results, we will need to investigate each one (most likely involving finding the persons who made
those changes) to determine what actions we need to take. This may involve more changes on our Development tenant —
which would necessitate a new export be created. For example, if the source tenant has a custom entity link between two
OOTB record types and the target tenant doesn't have the 
Enable a custom entity link between two out-of-the-box
record types
 application setting enabled, the import fails. You need to turn on the setting and run the import again.
Once we are happy with the results of the simulation, we are ready to perform the actual import of our System Configuration
package. This is again accessed through the Package Management section, this time selecting the “Import” option.
  
The import
should be scheduled ahead of time so that there aren't any users logged into the system while the import is run. In fact,
Service Management Automation X will block all logins during the import, except for users with the Tenant Administrator role.
Just like the simulation, we can see the status of the process as it imports each type of System configuration data. If we ran
the simulation, we should not be surprised by any failures. After the import has been completed, the users can once again log
in. At this point the System Configuration changes we have made are active and will affect the workflow of the system records.
Notes on the Dev2Prod process
While the actual Dev2Prod process is relatively straightforward and easy to follow, there are a few areas and exceptions
important to note.
While most everything under the 'Records' configuration option is handled by the Dev2Prod process (such as adding fields or
changing rules), some options specific to certain record types aren't handled as system configuration changes (and thus not
moved by the Dev2Prod activities). These are handled as data configuration changes and include:
Approval definitions in request
Approval definitions in change
Approval definitions in proposal
Approval definitions in custom record type
Synchronize Service Catalog data from development to production
The Dev2Prod process also supports Service Catalog data. As a best practice, you can create Service Catalog data in the
development tenant and then import the data into production. For details, see Related topics.
Related topics
Dev2Prod - Synchronize your development and production tenants
Dev2Prod - Synchronize Service Catalog content
Troubleshoot Dev2Prod issues
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
229
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.