At this point, we have enough functionality for our end users to make requests through our Service Management Automation
Service Portal, and our agents to enter Requests manually through Live Support. However, what we want is a system that
helps both groups find the best way to resolve their requests. While the system will recommend offerings for repeatable types
of requests, we also want it to suggest possible solutions for issues or questions. Service Management Automation X includes a
powerful search engine that will do exactly that, but we need to make the system “smarter” regarding the services we provide
by adding knowledge articles to the system.
While we'll look into the method of authoring new knowledge articles later in this guide, we can take advantage of the
knowledge we already have created using Service Management Automation X's Knowledge Packaging Tool. With this tool, we
will take all of our current knowledge, convert it to HTML if necessary, and use the tool to package it into a format the Service
Management Automation X can understand.
Once we import these packaged articles into our system, our end users and agents will have access to the knowledge that
might assist them in processing their requests. We’ll take a look at how the knowledge ties into the other processes later.
Here is the 
documentation for the Knowledge Packaging Tool
 if you want to see the specifics of how we are going to be
importing our knowledge articles.
Surveys
Once we have our service request system up and running, we need to ensure that it's fulfilling the users’ needs and continue
to improve it. One of the best ways we can judge the opinions of the people using the system is simply to ask them, which is
what we can use surveys to do.
With surveys, we can customize a set of questions to determine customer satisfaction with areas such as:
How easy was it to navigate our service request catalog to find what they were looking for?
Was their request fulfilled in an acceptable amount of time?
If calling the Service desk directly, how well did our agent help them to fulfill the request?
Was the service desk agent’s accent believable? (kidding!)
The survey module not only gives us a way to ask these questions but also gives us an excellent way to investigate the results
of both the structured responses (those with a limited set of responses to choose from) and unstructured ones as well (such as
free-form text). Service Management Automation X includes Big Data analysis features that can group similar text and provide
simple but powerful graphical method of unstructured analysis. Of course, now that I’ve gotten you interested in this
functionality, I’ll tell you we’ll be looking at it in detail later…
Using standard business rules, we can send out surveys automatically when certain things happen — like when the request is
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
165
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.