knowledge directly. At the bottom of the 'Resolution' section is a 'Suggested solutions' tab. Clicking on this tab brings up the
most likely knowledge candidates. This knowledge might be more than just articles (i.e. incidents, changes, etc.), but the
knowledge articles are always available.
Again, the agent can copy a link to the article into the solution field with a single click.
Clicking on the 'Find more solutions' button will take the user to the global search, copying the description of the record they
are working on. What? You don’t know what global search is? Well, that’s because I haven’t gone over that yet. I was looking
for a good time to bring it up and now seems like the right time.
Global Search
Service Management Automation X’s global search function is accessed by clicking the magnifying glass icon on the top right
of the screen. It allows the agent to perform a search on the entire system and then drill down into a specific record.
One of the nice features here is the ability to restrict the search to a certain record type. So I can perform a search and only
return relevant knowledge articles or news. I can also perform the search while I have another record up, and return to it when
I’m done.
While I can’t use the global search to fill in the solution information like I could when searching from the request/incident, I can
mark a specific article as a 'Favorite'. My favorites are always available when using the 'Live Support' page, so if there is an
article I use all the time I can make it a favorite so it will be available during every call. I have saved more time by making the
'How to reboot a computer' article one of my favorites than you could imagine.
A few things we may need to remember when using the global search:
Only the top 30 results will be displayed.
Each item has a relevancy score based on how closely it matches the search criteria. Records that have a very low score
will not be displayed.
There are also some powerful ways to enhance the use of the global search tool. While it's too much to go into here if you are
interested you can look into:
Service Management Automation X search engine FAQs
Global Search tips
Discovering Needed Knowledge
With the service desk, I think the saying “We don’t know what we don’t know” is very relevant. If we knew every question that
our end users would ask, we could create all the right knowledge articles so they could find what they needed without even
talking to an agent.
While we do our best to put out as much quality knowledge as we can, there are always new types of devices or software that
the end users get their hands on that we don’t know about. And sometimes we don’t do the best job of putting together the
right knowledge for our own services before we launch them (I know, I was shocked too). So while Service Management
Automation X might not look into the future for us to determine what we need to create, it has great tools that can help us
point out what knowledge we might miss based on our end users’ needs.
Hot Topic Analytics
One of the Big Data tools that makes Service Management Automation X so popular is called Hot Topic Analytics. This tool
allows us to find patterns in unstructured data such as text descriptions. This powerful tool is used in several places in the
product, including knowledge management.
We can use the Hot Topic Analytics engine to find common terms in support requests or even user searches. This is a great
way to find out new things users are looking for that aren't already supported by a service offering or knowledge article.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
183
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.