We can use Service Management Automation X to not only keep these problems visible and prioritize them, but it also has
tools to help us find problems we might not even realize we have.
Let’s take a look at how problem management works, and then we can see how some of the big data features of Service
Management Automation X make it even more powerful.
Setting up Problem Management
We’re done! No really, we’ve done just about everything we need to do already. Problem uses the same record categories and
groups we use for incident management, so there isn’t much more to do.
Okay, I know how much you love to work, so if you want to be gung-ho we can set up a few predefined views and reports
specific to problem management. Happy now? Fine, now let’s check out the life cycle of an actual problem record.
Problem Workflow
The problem workflow uses the same high-level steps as incident management. Thinking about it, this shouldn’t be surprising.
The difference between the two process is in the end goals rather than the execution. Incident stops once we resolve the
immediate impact while problem goes farther to discover the root cause and remove the likelihood that the same issue will
happen again.
Classification
Identical to the incident workflow, there are two phases of the 'Classification' step. The first is the 'Log' phase, where we enter
the initial information such as the title and description of the issue and what service is being affected. After this information is
saved the problem moves to the 'Classify' phase.
The only additional information required in the 'Classify' phase is a category. Once we fill the category in the problem will
move on to the resolution step. When the problem created directly from an incident, this happens immediately.
Resolution
The 'Resolution' step comprises two phases, 'Investigate' and 'Resolve'. Our primary focus in the Investigate phase is the
discovery of the root cause of the problem. The owner of the problem may create tasks for other agents to help with the
investigation. Once he discovers the root cause and documents it in the problem record, the owner moves the problem into
the 'Resolve' phase.
During the 'Investigation' phase, any related incidents dependent on the problem resolution receive notifications when the
owner adds updates to the problem with certain information, including:
When a workaround is found
When an expected resolution date is set
These notifications are sent to the person assigned to the related incident.
Once the problem enters the 'Resolve' phase, it's classified as a known error. The focus on this phase is in resolving the root
cause issue that's causing the problem. Note that this may often cause the agent to create related changes or more tasks
within the problem itself. Once the agent resolves the primary issue and enters a resolution, the owner will manually move the
problem to the next step for review.
When this transition to the 'Validation' step is taken, the people assigned to any related incidents are again notified.
Validation
The 'Validation' step includes a single phase, 'Review'. This phase allows the owner (or other designated person) to review the
solution used to resolve the problem. If the solution isn't correct (if further testing showed the issue was ongoing for example),
the owner may return the problem to the 'Resolve' phase for further troubleshooting.
Once the problem has been reviewed the person reviewing it may manually close the problem. When this step is taken, the
assignees of any related incidents will again receive a notification that the problem has been resolved.
Problem Tasks
Similar to other areas in Service Management Automation X, tasks and task plans are available inside of the problems
themselves. Again, these tasks become useful when we use them to assign work for someone to perform investigation around
the root cause of the problem or help us to come up with the true resolution.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
197
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.