High availability (HA)
Overview
High availability is the result applying/using the following technologies and configurations:
Highly available redundant storage
Highly available database instances
Servers in active/active or active/passive configuration (with or without load balancing)
Services in active/active or active/passive configuration (with or without load balancing)
Intra-service data replication (clustering)
Fast restart in case of failure of a single instance of a server providing a particular service
Keep-alive monitoring
Automatic restart on stopping
OMT embedded Kubernetes and AppHub employ various techniques listed above to achieve HA for its foundational services.
Not all foundational services have the same level of HA, and the level of achievable HA is dependent on the installation
configuration: single or multiple control plane, single or multiple worker nodes.
OMT embedded Kubernetes can be installed in 4 different configurations, where maximum HA is available only in MMMW:
Single combined control plane + worker node (SCMW)
Two nodes: single control plane, single worker (SMSW)
Multiple workers: single control plane, multiple workers (SMMW)
Multi-control plane: multiple control plane nodes, multiple worker nodes (MMMW)
In the multiple-control plane node configuration, the level of HA is highest. In the single combined control plane + worker
configuration, the level of HA is lowest.
The level of HA is achieved by adding up all of the various techniques employed at different levels of the software stack, from
bottom to top:
Host + storage
Containerd
OMT embedded Kubernetes ETCD, Vault and Flannel
Kubelet
Kubernetes services (API server, controller manager, scheduler, DNS, etc)
OMT AppHub and suite containers
Each layer builds upon the previous layer and adds additional HA functionality.
The following levels of HA are defined:
Basic:
Has Containerd HA
No Kubernetes HA
Mixed use of multiple instances and liveness probes
None or partial use of external databases
None or partial use of HA storage
Intermediate:
Has Containerd HA
Has Kubernetes HA
Mixed use of multiple instances and liveness probes
None or partial use of external databases
None or partial use of HA storage
Highest:
Has Containerd HA
Has Kubernetes HA
Heavy use of multiple instances and liveness probes
External databases used (customer-supported clustered HA is assumed)
HA storage
Note about ITOM Suites
All of the high availability (HA) aspects that apply to OMT AppHub containers executing on top of Kubernetes also
apply to ITOM Suite containers when a suite is deployed and running on the underlying Kubernetes. For specific
documentation and guidance for a particular ITOM Suite, refer to the Suite documentation.


Note about OMT with and without embedded Kubernetes
Below information discusses OMT with embedded Kubernetes. If OMT is installed on a external Kubernetes
instance then the customer is responsible for configuring HA for the cluster control plane.


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
429
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.