Update OMT
The updat will update all components such as Containerd, Kubernetes, Vault, Etcd, Flannel and OMT AppHub core to a next
release in the supported update path.
The update process is done by executing an orchestrator update script or by manually executing the update scripts on all of
the cluster nodes.
In case of external Kubernetes, the orchestrator update script will skip any infrastructure updates and only update the
applicable containerized components. In case of amanual update, the steps referring to infrastructure can simply be skipped.
Patching / hotfixing OMT
Micro Focus will provide patches and hotfixes through its support channels.
These updates will contain updated binaries, configuration files, metadata and scripts.
Customers will need to transfer the updates to the OMT embedded Kubernetes nodes and run the update script(s).
Updates will either be:
Cumulative patches
Hotfixes specific to one or more customers. Such hotfixes may be rolled into the next cumulative patch.
Updating Suites
For suites deployed using Helm charts
Updating a suite happens via the update flow in the OMT AppHub Helm UI.
A prerequisite for a suite update may be the update of OMT AppHub first. If this is required, the Suite update guide will detail
it.
This is the flow of an update for an installed Suite:
A new version is built and made available through Docker Hub and/or the software download site.
The update wil be in the form of a new Helm chart.
The Helm chart can be downloaded through the software download site
Updated container images will be available through Docker Hub.
The customer is notified via the Micro Focus (support) communication channels.
Using a command tools:
The update Helm chart is uploaded and made available for deployment
The updated container images are downloaded from Docker Hub and uploaded in the container image registry
Using the OMT AppHub Helm UI update flow, the deployment is updated to the new version.
For suites deployed using suite metadata
Updating a suite happens via the suite update process using OMT Management Portal.
A prerequisite for a suite update may be the update of OMT AppHub first. If this is required, the Suite update guide will detail
it.
This is the flow of an update for an installed Suite:
A new version is built and made available through Docker Hub and/or the software download site.
The update can take the form of:
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
434
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.