Data domain segmentation
Data domain segmentation in Service Management provides the ability to restrict the visibility of specific records and actions
(such as tasks and approvals) to specific people, roles, or groups. Data domain segmentation is composed of two parts:
Assignment of permissions to view particular data domains to a person, role, or group.
Assignment of data domains to records.
Definitive Media Library (DML)
One or more locations in which the definitive and authorized versions of all software CIs are securely stored. The definitive
media library may also contain associated CIs such as licenses and documentation. It's a single logical storage area even if
there are multiple locations. The definitive media library is controlled by service asset and configuration management and is
recorded in the configuration management system.
Development environment
An environment used to create or modify IT services or applications. Development environments aren't typically subjected to
the same degree of control as test or live environments.
Device
A general classification for both assets and CIs.
Draft phase
In Knowledge Management, when a new article or news item is created, it's added to the list in the Draft phase. The article or
news item must be reviewed, and then published internally or externally before users can view it.
In Idea and Proposal Management, when a new idea is created, it may be saved as a draft. If this is done, the idea enters the
Draft phase.
E
EA
Enterprise Agreement: Microsoft Azure contractual arrangement and APIs used for billing report data.
Effectiveness
A measure of whether the objectives of a process, service or activity have been achieved. An effective process or activity is
one that achieves its agreed objectives. See also key performance indicator.
Efficiency
A measure of whether the right amount of resources has been used to deliver a process, service, or activity. An efficient
process achieves its objectives with the minimum amount of time, money, people, or other resources. See also key
performance indicator.
Emergency change
A change that must be introduced as soon as possible – for example, to resolve a major incident or implement a security
patch. The change management process will normally have a specific procedure for handling emergency changes.
Emergency Change Advisory Board (ECAB)
A subgroup of the change advisory board that makes decisions about emergency changes. Membership may be decided at the
time a meeting is called, and depends on the nature of the emergency change.
Encryption domains
You can encrypt specific record type fields via the creation of Encryption domains. This enables you to restrict access to
sensitive information to selected users.
Enrichment rules
Rules used to automatically assign values to record fields when data is imported. For example, an enrichment rule can set the
asset-model, the vendor, and the brand of a device record according to the value populated in the inventoried model attribute
of the device.
Entitlement rules
Rules used to restrict offerings, knowledge articles, service definitions, categories, and custom themes in the 
Service Portal
 to
limited audiences in specified locations, and belonging to specified user groups.
Escalation
Transferring an incident, problem or change to a technical team with a higher level of expertise to assist in an escalation.
Event
A change of state that has significance for the management of an IT service or other CIs. The term is also used to mean an
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
523
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.