Service Desk
The single point of contact between the service provider and the users. A typical service desk manages incidents and service
requests, and also handles communication with the users.
Service hours
An agreed time period when a particular IT service should be available. For example, "Monday–Friday 08:00 to 17:00 except
public holidays." Service hours should be defined in a service level agreement.
Service level
Measured and reported achievement against one or more service level targets. The term is sometimes used informally to
mean service level target.
Service Level Agreement (SLA)
An agreement between an IT service provider and a customer. A service level agreement describes the IT service, documents
service level targets, and specifies the responsibilities of the IT service provider and the customer. A single agreement may
cover multiple IT services or multiple customers.
Service level management
The process responsible for negotiating achievable service level agreements and ensuring that these are met. It's responsible
for ensuring that all IT service management processes, operational level agreements and underpinning contracts are
appropriate for the agreed service level targets. Service level management monitors and reports on service levels, holds
regular service reviews with customers, and identifies required improvements.
Service Level Target (SLT)
A commitment that's documented in a service level agreement. Service level targets are based on service level requirements,
and are needed to ensure that the IT service can meet business objectives. They should be SMART, and are usually based on
key performance indicators.
Service Management
Agent interface of SMAX where:
IT agents manage support requests, service requests, incidents, changes, problems and so on.
Tenant admins perform administrative tasks.
Service operation
A stage in the lifecycle of a service. Service operation coordinates and carries out the activities and processes required to
deliver and manage services at agreed levels to business users and customers. Service operation also manages the technology
that's used to deliver and support services. Service operation includes the following processes: event management, incident
management, request fulfillment, problem management, and access management. Service operation also includes the
following functions: service desk, technical management, IT operations management, and application management. Although
these processes and functions are associated with service operation, most processes and functions have activities that take
place across multiple stages of the service lifecycle.
Service package
Two or more services that have been combined to offer a solution to a specific type of customer need or to underpin specific
business outcomes. A service package can consist of a combination of core services, enabling services and enhancing
services. A service package provides a specific level of utility and warranty. Customers may be offered a choice of utility and
warranty through one or more service options.
Service Portal
Provides one centralized location for all employee issues related to IT. Enables users to independently request support, search
a self-help knowledge base, and browse a service catalog.
Service portfolio
The complete set of services that's managed by a service provider. The service portfolio is used to manage the entire lifecycle
of all services, and includes three categories: service pipeline (proposed or in development), service catalog (live or available
for deployment), and retired services.
Service portfolio management
The process responsible for managing the service portfolio. Service portfolio management ensures that the service provider
has the right mix of services to meet the required business outcomes at an appropriate level of investment. Service portfolio
management considers services in terms of the business value that they provide.
Service request
Service requests are the set of predefined activities that can be performed against the service itself (such as increasing the
size of a standard email mailbox, requesting additional memory for a virtual machine, or resetting a password for a specific
application).
Service request management
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
531
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.