Creating a complete service catalog can be one of the more time-consuming parts of a SMAX implementation. And as the IT
department changes and takes on more responsibilities, the number of service definitions and associated offerings will
continue to grow. The Service Catalog should be thought of as a living thing, and change should be expected (and even
embraced).
Specific guidance and tips for building up your Service Portfolio and the corresponding Service Catalog can be found
here: 
Services and the Service Catalog
 
Workflows
Processes within SMAX use a pre-defined workflow or set of workflows to create and track records using that specific process.
You can configure these workflows to fit specific requirements not included in the out-of-box definitions, but you can't add new
workflows within the processes.
The use of only the existing workflows enforces commonality to the records within a process. This results in easier integrations,
consistency in reporting, the ability to use a common set of performance indicators, and allows the use of common views.
You can modify existing workflows by adding new phases within the defined set of steps (also called meta-phases). Those
phases will be used by every record within the associated process.
If you need unique flow and/or functionality within a specific process, SMAX provides models (called Offerings inside the
Service Request process). These models allow you to extend the process in a number of ways, including:
adding additional information for the user or agent to provide, called “User options” to the process
adding rules that apply to the process using the model
adding approvals (to applicable processes)
setting default values
adding tasks (in series or parallel) to one or more phases of the process
Further information around workflows and models may be found in the following document: 
Enhancing Workflow with Models
 
Using and modifying forms
Each record type in SMAX has a pre-defined set of forms associated with it. The system uses these forms when displaying
records, selecting the correct form based on how the record is being viewed or what action is being taken. While you can't
define new forms, SMAX contains several methods to modify how a specific form is displayed based on the information being
viewed. 
Workflow rules may be used to modify a form by displaying or hiding entire sections or specific fields on a form. Alternatively
these rules can disable certain fields on a form based on other criteria, making it impossible for a user to modify the data it
contains. Furthermore, other business rules can change the possible values allowed in specific fields (both for entity links and
lists).
If a specific type of process requires unique information, additional fields may be added using the User options definitions in a
specific model. These fields are displayed in their own section on the process forms.
Further examples of how forms are used and may be found in 
"Working with Forms"
.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
272
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.