SACM Overview
Providing Services
One of the first differences I noticed about Service Management Automation X compared to other options out there was that it
was designed it around services. Our IT department provides and maintains these services for the end users, so it makes
sense for us to focus the solution on them.
So one of the first things I need to do is to define the services our IT department provides to our customers.  Why start here?
Well, without specifically calling out the services we need support we could see a ton of problems. We might get calls or emails
about things we have no control over. Or we might get requests relating to our products, but for things we simply can't do.
Defining our services limits our responsibilities to the consumers and it refines the focus of our team as providers. By clearly
specifying what we provide, we can accurately and succinctly define our processes around these services. This will result in a
much higher (and faster) return on the investment we are putting into our new service desk applications.
The bottom line here is that regardless of what processes you are thinking of implementing at the start of your project, define
your services first. Everything else revolves around these definitions.
Service Management Automation X is service driven. Therefore these definitions will have a big impact on how our end users
and agents will interact. The service catalog was designed around services (as the name would suggest). You can think about
this as the menu where end users come to “consume” our services. For our agents, everything from assigning the right team
for a task to knowing who to notify in emergencies resolves around services. So if the users are ordering from a menu, the
agents will be in the kitchen working to provide these services to the end users. We’ll also be able to report by service, so we
can see which services generate the most load on the service desk in terms of the number of questions asked, requests, and
issues.
And remember, as our portfolio changes and we take on more responsibilities we can add to our service definitions. We want to
be agile, so we need to expect and even embrace change.
Ok, let's get started then. The ITIL process documentation defines an IT Service as "a service provided to one or more
customers by an IT service provider". Okay… Well, that makes us the IT service provider, and in this case, our customers are
the employees of the company.
Based on that we have many services we need to define in the system. Let’s start with one of the most used services we
provide, Email. The service we are providing to the consumer is the ability to send and receive an email with their company
address. So I'll add a service definition for that in the service portfolio. Once I do, I need to move the service into the “operate"
step of the workflow since it's an existing service.
Getting Started with the Service Portfolio and SACM
In this section, Glenn will define the services that his IT department provides as part of the service portfolio, and
the high level components that make up those services in the Service Asset and Configuration Management
(SACM) module. SACM maintains information about the configuration items (and their relationships) required to
deliver an IT service. Providing the service definitions he will support is also the first step in defining the service
portfolio within Service Management Automation X.
These definitions will continue to fill in the overall Service Management Automation X data model.
By the end of this section Glenn will:
Work with IT to create a list of all business services provided to the consumers/clients
Create the service definitions within the service portfolio
Define each instance as an actual service in Service Asset and Configuration Management (SACM) module
Define the service components and system elements for the actual services in SACM


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
154
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.