EMS REST API
Introduction
Service Management Automation X includes multiple 
REST
 APIs that may be used to execute a variety of commands. This
document describes using the Postman client to access the EMS REST API. EMS stands for Entity Management System, and is
used to access and modify information for most record types in SMA-X, such as incidents, requests, services, and configuration
items.
Before using the information in this chapter it will be necessary to review the information found in the ‘Configuring Postman’
chapter of this guide. This chapter explains how to install the Postman client as well as how to find the master node and tenant
Id for a specific Service Management Automation X instance.
This chapter will cover:
Understanding the data structure of the API
Determining the entity type and field names
Handling specific field types
Locking system - service behavior
Special considerations of the EMS API
Retrieving information from Service Management Automation X
Posting information to Service Management Automation X
Determining entity type and field names
Understanding the data structure of the API
The Service Management Automation X EMS REST API uses the JSON data format to exchange data with a client. Information
on the JSON format may be found 
here
.
If your intent is to use a tool such as Microsoft Excel to view the information returned from the REST API, you will need to
convert the data returned from Service Management Automation X using some type of scripting or other data conversion
process. There are a variety of conversion tools on the web that will transform JSON into CSV (or vice versa). You could use
one of these tools to convert information in a spreadsheet to the JSON format required by the Service Management Automation
X REST API.
An example of the JSON returned from the Service Management Automation X EMS REST API can be seen in the image below
(please note that the image does not show the entire result returned by the API). The returned result is made up of multiple
entities (records) from Service Management Automation X. In each returned record, the 
entity_type
 value specifies the type
of record (in this example each entity is a ‘Request’). The 
properties
 section contains the attributes of the entity. The exact
attributes returned are dependent on the query used to request the information. Finally, the 
related_properties
 shows
information from other records that are linked to the requested entity. Again, the information included here is dependent on
the initial request.
When sending (posting) information to Service Management Automation X, the data format needs to be in the same JSON
format. The following image is an example of how to update a Request in Service Management Automation X using the EMS
REST API. The entity_type needs to be set to the desired record type, and when posting information you must also specify the
type of operation (such as CREATE or UPDATE). In this example, we set the 
operation
 to ‘UPDATE’ in order to update an
existing request. Attributes for our  Request are set in the 
properties
 section. To add more fields to the request, simply add
the field name in quotes, a colon, and the value for the field (again in quotes). For example, to set a status you would add
‘Status’, the ‘:’, and the value ‘RequestStatusSuspended’. Each attribute must be separated with a comma, but there is no
comma after the last specified attribute.  The Id field is mandatory and is the Id of the Request that is being updated.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
308
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.