Capsule Amazon AWS 18.5.0
Amazon RDS, AWS EC2 Compute Advanced, and AWS EC2 Compute with Spot Instance service designs are enhanced. For
Amazon RDS service design, you can now get two additional outputs 
DB Instance Status
 and 
Endpoint Address. 
You can
now retrieve 
Private IP address
 and 
Private DNS Name
 values using Amazon Deploy Instance flow in Cloud content pack.
See 
Capsule Amazon AWS
.
Google GCP capsule 2.5.0
Provider selection logic applied to 
Google Compute Instance
 service design. You now have the option to choose the
providers in the 
Google Compute Instance
 service design. See 
Capsule Google GCP
.
OO Cloud Content 2.12.0
New operations added to Microsoft Azure and Amazon folders. See 
Cloud content pack
.
See 
Content Management
 for the complete list of OOTB capsules and content packs.
Mobile app
This release introduces the following new features and enhancements for the mobile app. 
Agent mode
In this release, the agent mode of the mobile app is generally available for iOS devices.
iOS (Generally Available)
Agent users can easily manage requests (search including KM results, view and assign requests, see affected CIs, view and
update tasks, add CI by QR or barcode scan, and add attachments) in the mobile app.
The following data types are now supported in the mobile form design:
One to many grid (view-only)
Many to many grid (view-only)
Duration
You can now synchronize the Views defined in Service Management to the mobile app.
In the My Views page, you can browse the views and configure which views to be displayed in the app.
Android (Early Access)
You can now search for specific requests, devices, people, and knowledge articles or news.
When you update the detailed information of a request in the rich text editor, you can:
Edit and format your descriptions, such as bold and highlight the text, or add bullet points
Embed images or files in the rich text editor
Scan barcodes or QR codes into the rich text editor
Functional Improvements
The default sort order for the offerings set in 
Sort offering by
 is also applicable in the mobile app in addition to Service
Portal.
After you enable 
Debug Settings
 for the mobile app, users can turn on the debug mode on the mobile app to record the
app logs for debugging purposes.
See 
SMA mobile app
.
Installation, upgrade, and system maintenance
The following changes in the installation, upgrade, and system maintenance process are introduced:
This release introduces a simplified network architecture with fewer network layers and less latency for EKS deployment.
You can now use 
AWS Load Balancer Controller
 to automatically provision a load balancer. See 
Install the suite with
new architecture
 and 
Migrate to the new architecture
.
The backup and restore solution for managed kubernetes deployment is improved with more details including how to
define recovery objectives and how to apply a Disaster Recovery Plan to your organization. See 
Overview of backup and
restore
 and 
Use case: backup and restore
.  
Support for PostgreSQL 9.6 is discontinued, and support for PostgreSQL 12 is added.
Support for Internet Explorer 11 is discontinued.
2021.05
Integrations 
This release introduces the following integration enhancements. 
Microsoft Teams integration
You can easily integrate Service Management with Microsoft Teams through a new built-in integration framework.
See 
Integrate with Microsoft Teams through a native integration framework
.
Direct download of UD Probe and UCMDB Local Client from Service Management UI (containerized CMS only)
Containerized CMS customers can 
enable direct download of UD Probe and UCMDB Local Client from the Service Management
UI
. 
Asset Management
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
113
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.