alert or notification created by any IT service, CI or monitoring tool. Events typically require IT operations personnel to take
actions, and often lead to incidents being logged.
Event management
The process responsible for managing events throughout their lifecycle. Event management is one of the main activities of IT
Operations.
The objective of ITIL Event Management is to make sure CIs and services are constantly monitored. Event Management aims
to filter and categorize events, in order to decide the appropriate required actions, if any.
Expression Language
The Expression Language is a language that enables you to construct meaningful expressions that can be entered in different
parts of the user interface. It includes logical and mathematical expressions, as well as object properties and functions.
External Access FQDN/external access host/EXTERNAL_ACCESS_HOST
The FQDN that end-users use to access the SMA suite. This FQDN should be available from your DNS provider.
F
Field
A single data element within a database dictionary record. For example, name is a field in the operator database dictionary
record, and its value for one user might be Joe. A field is equivalent to a column in a Relational Database Management System
(RDBMS).
Financial management
A generic term used to describe the function and processes responsible for managing an organization’s budgeting, accounting
and charging requirements. Enterprise financial management is the specific term used to describe the function and processes
from the perspective of the overall organization. Financial management for IT services is the specific term used to describe the
function and processes from the perspective of the IT service provider.
Service Management's Financial Management module helps you manage money in an efficient and effective way, so as to
align with enterprise strategy and achieve business objectives. It assists with budget planning and the execution, monitoring,
and control of financial resources.
Floating users
Operators authorized to log in to Service Management, based on the number of floating seats available in the license pool.
A floating user ID may log in to Service Management more than once; however, each time a user is logged in to the system,
that user counts as a floating user for that Service Management system. When the maximum number of floating users licensed
to a given system are concurrently logged in, no more floating users can connect to that system.
Flow
A flow is the composition of 
steps
 and 
transitions
 together forming a set of actions that are linked by decision-making logic in
order to automate tasks. For example, health checks, troubleshooting, or any other repetitive IT support tasks. Flows are
created in OO Workflow Designer and then run in OO Central.
Flow run
A flow run is a single execution of a 
flow
 in Central. Flow runs collect data, enabling you to analyze the performance of your IT
system.
Form editor
Enables you to view and edit Service Management forms.
Fulfillment
Performing activities to meet a need or requirement – for example, by providing a new IT service, or meeting a service request.
G
Group
An administrator can create and manage user groups. Groups are useful for making assignments, identifying Level 1, Level 2,
or Level 3 support groups, or assignment groups. After you create a new user, you can add the user to one or more
assignment groups. Role assignments can be automatic if you assign one or more roles directly to the group and then add a
user to that group. The user inherits those group role assignments.
Group alias
Group aliases let you separate between assigning an operation to a worker during authoring time and in the run time
environment. In OO Workflow Designer, the author can define an operation to execute on a group alias rather than a worker
group. In Central, the Op Admin maps the group alias to the actual worker group.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
524
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.