their requests in the SMAX Service Portal.
2018.02
Shared services support
This release enables shared service providers to manage their customers' requests and incident records in one user interface
via a multi-tenant (MT) console. The provider tenant and managed tenants can be configured in Suite Administration so that
each customer has their own Service Management tenant, and shared service providers can view all data together in one
console.
Shared service agents who have the appropriate permissions can view the following information:
A dashboard that aggregates real time information from multiple customers. The dashboard displays the number of
incidents and requests for each tenant.
A grid that displays the requests or incidents belonging to specific managed customers. The information in the grid can be
filtered like any other record grid in Service Management.
Individual records directly in the relevant managed customer's tenant. This information is displayed in a separate tab
when an individual incident or request record is clicked. The record is then editable depending on the shared service
agent's permissions for that managed customer.
Smart Analytics enhancements
Includes the following enhancements for Smart Analytics:
Smart Ticket
Tenant administrators can define their own Smart Ticket tasks according to the Service Request module requirements.
Smart Search
Tenant administrators can perform the following actions to improve search accuracy:
Enable the phrase queries function to add quotations for a search request
Enable the 
ignore certain special characters function to 
interprets special elements as normal characters instead of a
query syntax.
Define the minimum search result relevance threshold
Content group scaling
If the Smart Search performance isn't good enough, an administrator can easily add content for Smart Search to balance
the search requests by using more content servers.
Service Portal mobile app
A new iOS Service Portal mobile app is available to support this release. Additionally, the user experience of the search
functionality in the Android app is
improved.
Backup and restore
This release includes a new DR tool that can back up and restore the following suite data:
Configmap data, which includes suite configuration information
Smart Analytics volume, which includes content data and configurations
Global NFS volume data, which includes integration certificates and attachments that users added to Service Portal
records
Community localization support
By using the
 Openl10n community site, you can localize SMAX (Service Portal and Service Management) into additional
languages that aren't officially supported by SMAX.
PostgreSQL view support
Provides a PostgreSQL view for data reporting in Service Management. These views can be accessed using third-party tools,
such as the Business Intelligence tool.
Natural Language Processing (NLP) based Virtual Agent (beta version)
This release includes a beta version of the SMA Virtual Agent (Chatbot). The Virtual Agent can do the following to help improve
the productivity of real IT agents and improve end user experience:
Answer questions from end users with information from the knowledge base
Create a support ticket when requested by a user who isn't satisfied with the answer provided
Create service requests when requested by users who can't find desired offerings from within the service portal
This beta version supports English only, and is recommended for demo or test environments only. You can download the
Note
To utilize the Service Catalog aggregation feature, your enterprise must own a Premium license for the
Service Management Automation Suite.
This release has controlled availability for the Service Catalog aggregation feature. 


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
132
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.