functional difference between the two is found in the targets they define. SLAs define the expected time to move between
specific steps of a workflow, while OLAs define the maximum time any one group should take to work on a specific record.
The agreements can cover one of two areas:
Service agreements
 — define response criteria for service requests
Support agreements
 — define response criteria for support requests and incidents
Human resource agreements
 —define response criteria for human resource management service requests
Service Agreements
Our service agreements specify the targets that our IT department should strive for when handling service requests. When we
define these agreements, we need to specify the specific service offerings they cover. We can specify multiple offerings in a
single service agreement, as long as they all have the same targets. In fact, to get started we can create a single service
agreement to define the desired response times for all our services. Later, we can go back and create new service agreements
to define specific targets for specific services.
For each type of agreement, there are multiple target types we can measure. For service level agreements we can define the
following targets:
Approval
 — The time it should take between creating the request and getting the required approvals completed
Fulfillment
 — The time it should take between the approval of the request and the actual fulfillment
In operational level agreements, there is a single target type to measure:
Time in group
 — The time the service request remains assigned to a specific group
Each of these types can have a different target based on the priority field set in the service request. So the most critical
requests need to be completed quicker than the low priority ones under the same agreement.
Because each service agreement can encompass many service offerings, as we are building our service catalog it would be a
good idea to come up with some kind of grouping that represents some discrete “shirt sizes” of time we expect the fulfillment
of each offering to take. In that way, we can create a service agreement for each “shirt size”.  For example, something that fit
in the “small” size. might have a much shorter target than those in the “extra large” size. This way we can have targets for all
of our offerings with no need to create a separate agreement for each one.
Support Agreements
Support agreements are concerned with the targets our It department has with the customer regarding support requests and
incidents. These agreements are defined for issues with specific services, and each agreement can specify targets for multiple
services.
For Support agreements, there are again multiple target types that are measured. Each is slightly different based on which
record type is being used. For support requests, we have the following target types:
Initial review 
— The time it should take between logging the request and moving it to the 'Fulfillment' step.
Chat request response
 — The time it should take for an agent to respond to an end user’s chat request
Resolution
 — The time it should take between the 'Fulfillment' step and the 'Validation' step
In operational level agreements, there is again a single target type to measure:
Time in group
 — The time the support request is assigned to a specific group
Our incidents have the same target types except for the 'chat request response', which is only available for support requests.
Service Level Target Sets
To define the targets for the different agreement types, we will need to create what Service Management Automation X calls
target sets. These sets allow us to create reusable definitions that can be referenced in multiple agreements, reducing the
overall amount of work we need to do.
Each target set specifies the agreement type it may be used for and the record type (incident, support request, or service
request) it may be associated with. In addition, we need to specify the work schedule (we’ll get to those in a minute) and the
time zone that should be used for the target calculations.
We need to specify the actual targets for each of the target types (which include time to initial review, resolution, and chat
request response). We can define a single target for a type (such as the Resolution type), or we can define a separate target
for the type based on the associated record's priority. So we might set one day as the resolution target for a critical priority
incident, but a 7-day target for a low priority incident. Oh, and it isn’t necessary to set a target for every priority. So if we don’t
want to measure low priority incidents for a certain agreement, we can do that.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
187
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.