Core Data and the SMA Evolution Toolkit
While the amount of transactional data (Incidents, Changes, Problems, etc.) moved from Service Manager to SMAX should be
kept to a minimum, most if not all the core data needs to move to the new system. This core data makes up the backbone of
any Service Management solution and has a direct impact on any connected reporting solution. Example of information stored
in the core data tables in SMAX include:
People
Locations
Groups
Vendors
Roles
Detailed information on the Core Data tables may be found in the 
Key Concepts
 guide.
SMA Evolution Toolkit
In order to facilitate a move from Service Manager to SMAX, we have provided the SMA Evolution Toolkit. This package
provides pre-configured scripts for use with Connect-It that allow data imports to SMAX either directly from Service Manager or
from CSV files. The SMA Evolution Toolkit may be found on the 
ITOM Marketplace
.
Using the Toolkit, data is moved from existing Service Manager tables into the new SMAX entities. For detailed information on
what data is moved and how fields are mapped, please see the documentation included with the SMA Evolution Toolkit. The
following table details the specific tables the data moves from and to:
Service Manager Table 
SMAX Record Type
company
Vendor
dept
Group (Organizational)
contacts
Person
location
Location
vendor
Vendor
The SMA Evolution Toolkit provides out of the box configurations to move the data from Service Manager to SMAX. The
documentation also describes how to modify the mapping to add or remove fields. This functionality may be used to map
custom Service Manager data fields to either existing or new fields inside SMAX.
While the tables are similar across the two products, there are differences that must be understood before importing existing
data into SMAX. The following sections examine the key differences between the Core Data tables.
Vendor
The Service Manager 
company
 record represents the highest organizational unit in an organizational hierarchy. In other
words, a company will represent a customer itself as an organization. 
Company records are also used to build the organizational structure of external entities or customers. Multiple Service
Providers (MSPs) use this data to enable the Mandanten functionality inside Service Manager to separate certain data
elements.
From a conceptual point of view, the overall concept is similar in SMAX. In SMAX, Service Manager company records are
imported into the 
Vendor
 record type. Vendors include internal or external vendors, suppliers, distributors, service providers,
cloud service providers, or wholesalers. The Vendor record represents the highest level of the corporate organizational
structure.
Additionally, data from the Service Manager 
vendor
 table is also imported into the 
Vendor
 record type.
Group
While Service Manager contains many tables that deal with groups of people, SMAX stores its groups inside of a single 
Group
record type. These groups are shared between all the different transactional record types (Incident, Change, etc.). There are
two different types of groups in this table: Organizational and Functional. 
Organizational groups
 contain all the boxes on a company’s org chart. Organizational groups represent business units and
departments. As a result, records from the Service Manager 
dept
 table are imported into SMAX as organizational groups.
Person
The 
Person
 record type in SMAX contains the information contained in Service Manager's 
operator
 and 
contacts
 table.
Every person that is referenced in SMAX will have an entry in the Person table. People that will login to SMAX are marked as
users. Users in SMAX are most often administered through the Suite Administration application.
Location
A SMAX Location contains information very similar to that found in the location table in Service Manager. Locations can also be
hierarchical, so that parent/child relationships exist between records.
Other Import Methods
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
243
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.