Service Management Automation X allows us to identify and record our configuration items using its built-in hierarchical
structure and also allows us to create relationships between the CIs. We’ve already looked at the top levels of this structure,
but now we're ready to review each level in detail — as well as add the final level. Our final hierarchy includes:
Actual services
Service components
System elements
Devices
This hierarchy is created by the relationships between the configuration items and follows a few rules:
Each actual service comprises one or more service components
Each service component contains zero or more system elements or devices
Each system element contains zero or more devices
Each system element can support zero or more service components
Actual Services
We learned earlier that an actual service is an actual instance of a service definition that benefits our consumers. It's important
to note that an actual service doesn't have to equate to a technical service. It could be something physical such as a mailbox.
We can identify how we are using the actual service by specifying a specific subtype of either:
Business service
Infrastructure service
Where the first is a service that directly benefits our consumers, and the second is something that supports our business
services but isn't something that our consumers interact with.
Each actual service will contain one or more service components.
Service Components
The service component level allows us to divide our actual services into sections of distinct functionality. They are describable
parts of our service. They aren't anything that can be discovered, but rather things that will be entered from our own
knowledge of the services. For example, we might have a Payroll service that we want to split up into the actual application,
the supporting database, and the web server. All of these things make up the Service, but they all have their own distinct
function (and most likely have a different team in charge of them).
Because we define them at whatever level we need, there aren't any pre-defined subtypes for service components. Instead,
it's best to name them in a way that makes their functionality clear. In our Payroll example we might name our service
components:
Payroll Application
Payroll Database
Payroll Web Server
Service components should always relate to one or more actual services (we might have a single service component used by
multiple services).
In the opposite direction, service components are made up of either system elements or devices. It's our decision on which
one to use, and the decision is based on the complexity of the service. If each of our components comprises only a few devices
that would be the way to go. However, if we are talking about a great number of devices, and we can group those devices in a
logical way, it's better to relate the service component to system elements (which are made up of a group of devices).
System Elements
A system element is a functionality supported by one or more devices. For example, a specific server is a device. When this
server runs a specific set of applications, it becomes a web server. The web server is the system element. Unlike service
components, these system elements are often discoverable using automated software tools.
Service Management Automation X has pre-defined subtypes for system elements that help us define their actual
functionality:
Running software
Web server
Database
Virtualization
Application server
CI collection
And we can always specify 'Other' if we have something that doesn’t fit any of those categorizations.
Each system element can support multiple service components and is itself comprised of one or more devices.
Devices
We’ve taken a look at the higher level configuration items: services, service components, and system elements. Now we need
to go an extra level so we can define the actual devices that work together to provide the functionality of those components
and elements.
Service Management Automation X has built-in definitions for the physical (and virtual) devices we find in our IT infrastructure.
While we can extend the list of device subtypes, I think the out-of-the-box list will be sufficient for now. We can always come
back and add more if we discover the need.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
200
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.