AKS deployment FAQs
This topic answers certain most frequently asked questions about deploying the suite in an AKS environment.
General
The following are general questions that apply to all supported cloud platforms.
Can I use machine types other than those specified in the sizing guide?
No.
One VM with 8vCPU can have better performance than 2 VMs with 4vCPU in some scenarios. VMs have their own limitations,
so you can't improve system performance simply by adding more VMs. Additionally, all our sizing recommendations, tuning
and tests are based on certain requirements for each node. You can't guarantee the performance if using VMs that don't meet
the requirements for a node.
Can I share storage between development and test environments?
Technically, you can. However, we don't recommend it.
This is because all our sizing recommendations, tuning and tests are based on an assumption that each environment uses
their dedicated storage. Sharing the same storage between two environments may cause the environments to interfere with
each other, leading to poor stability and performance.  
Can I start with fewer worker nodes and add more later?
Technically, you can. However, we strongly recommend that you install the suite according to our sizing recommendations. By
providing enough worker nodes, you can avoid installation failures because of insufficient resources. 
What version of Kubernetes should I choose? Always the latest?
We use EKS, AKS, or GKE to fully manage Kubernetes in the suite. When you create or update the Kubernetes cluster, you
need to select a Kubernetes version. Each release of Kubernetes may have some changes that may affect SMA deployment.
For this reason, we verify a new Kubernetes version before SMA can adopt it. The latest version and any other versions that
we haven't certified may be incompatible with SMA.
Always select the Kubernetes version that's described in the suite installation documentation. This version has been certified
for the current SMA version.  
What is the minimum disk requirement for SMA?
We provide sizing recommendations for SMA deployment on different cloud platforms. The sizing recommendations provide
the minimum resources needed for setting up an SMA environment on each cloud. You must install SMA according to the sizing
recommendations to avoid installation failures caused by resource insufficiency; otherwise, even if you have successfully
installed the suite, issues may still occur when the suite is running.
Can I change the SMA sizing profile dynamically after installation?
Yes, you can, but only as part of a suite upgrade process. That is, you need to change the deployment size first and then
upgrade the suite to a newer version. The new deployment size takes effect only when the suite upgrade process is
completed. For details, see 
Upgrade the suite (managed Kubernetes)
.
Can SMA share the Kubernetes cluster with other products?
No.  When SMA shares the Kubernetes cluster with other products, they will compete for resources, which will impact the
system stability and performance. Additionally, sharing the same Kubernetes cluster may cause incompatibility and security
problems, because the products may require different versions of Kubernetes.
What's the organization name for an image repository?
An organization is a collection of teams and repositories that can be managed together.
All the images for SMA in each release should be pushed to the same organization. 
 Platform
Image registry
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
1003
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.