Behind the scenes
Adopt Native SACM for a fresh installation
Native SACM can be enabled in the following modes:
Classic mode: SMA connecting with Classic CMS
Multi-deployment mode: Both SMA and CMS are containerized and deployed on OMT
Hybrid mode: SMAX is installed in a cloud environment and connects with a classic CMS running on-premises
Classic mode
The Native SACM solution requires a CMS system to work with the SMA suite. The following diagram shows the architecture of
integrating Native SACM with Classic CMS.
Using shared IdM in classic mode
Deploying Classic CMS with the shared IdM brings the following benefits:
You only need to configure User/Group/Role settings like LDAP and SAML configurations once, for both SMAX and CMS.
You don't need to apply the configurations on both sides.
Single Sign-On between SMAX and UCMDB enables a seamless user experience when navigating through the UI elements.
However, in this mode, you need to enable the CMS multi-customer mode to correspond with the SMAX multi-tenancy mode. In
a real-world environment, configurations for shared IdM and CMS multi-customer mode can be complicated, for details,
see 
Associate SMAX tenants with UCMDB customers for Single Sign-On
.  
Not using shared IdM in classic mode
If you don’t need Single Sign-On between SMAX and UCMDB in the Native SACM context, SMAX uses IdM to achieve user
authentication while Classic CMS has its own user management controlled by UCMDB. This means the management of users,
groups, roles, and permissions happens in SMAX and CMS individually. For this option, no more additional configurations are
required during the Classic CMS installation and CMS multi-customer mode is optional in this scenario. 
Containerized multi-deployment mode
The Native SACM and SAM solutions require a 
Micro Focus
 CMS system to work with the suite. Once you have completed
the suite installation, you can continue to install CMS on the same OMT cluster as the next deployment (the suite is the first
deployment). The following diagram shows the multi-deployment structure.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
141
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.