New business rule template "Update user option default value": this rule template is available in the 
After
changes
 section of the workflow for Offering or Model. For more information, see 
Update user option default value
. 
Installation, upgrade, and system maintenance
This release adds support for RHEL/CentOS/Oracle Linux 8.3.
Supported Kubernetes versions: 1.19 (on-premises), 1.18 (EKS), 1.19.x (AKS), 1.17.x (GCP)
Support of managed NFS storage for on-premises installation. See 
Configure NFS volumes
.
New JMX metrics are exposed to Prometheus to better support in-depth monitoring and diagnostics on specific
SMA components. See 
Monitoring SMA with open source tools
.
2020.11
Dev2Prod enhancements
The 
Max Dev2Prod package file size (MB)
 setting (Suite Administration > tenant details form > 
Application
settings
 tab) defines the maximum .pkb file size allowed for running an import (including an import simulation) by using
the Package Manager. This setting does not take effect when you export a package file (.pkb). For more information,
see 
Set a maximum allowed package size for import
.
You can now export Service Catalog record data from one tenant and then import it into another. The supported Service
Catalog data types are Category, Offering, Service Definition, and Fulfillment Plan. For more information, see 
Dev2Prod -
Synchronize Service Catalog content
.
Service Portal enhancements
When you 
define the user options
 in an offering record, you can now add the help text to give some details or hints of this
user option.
When you 
define the user options
, in addition to defining the user options as individual fields, now you can also classify
the fields into different groups and sections if you need to manage multiple user options with different types.
After you select 
Visible to Self-service Portal 
in the 
Price
 tab
 of an offering, the additional price added per user option
is also displayed on the individual user options in Service Portal.
You can now configure the date and time formats based on the language in 
Service Portal configuration settings
. 
Expense line capability
This release introduces the expense line capability to track and manage costs incurred during the lifecycle of assets and
services. Expense lines can be generated automatically based on the configured cost allocation rules or created
manually. Using the 
expense lines
 you can perform a cost analysis and get a detailed view of where the expenses have
incurred.
By default, expense lines can be generated or created on the record types as follows:
Contract
Device
Infrastructure & Peripherals
License
Subscription
Out-of-the-box business rules on when to start/stop the expense lines generating are provided for these record types, out-of-
the-box cost allocation rules are also provided in 
Cost Allocation
.
To use this feature, turn on 
Enable expense line
 in 
Application settings
.
An out-of-the-box report is provided to show the chargeback expense lines by cost center.
If your suite is upgraded to 2020.11, see 
Manual tasks for expense line feature
 for more information about activating this
feature in existing tenants.
Enhancements to the new SAM capability
By leveraging the SMAX reporting engine, you now have a centralized reporting tool to design compliance reports in order
to monitor software consumption and spend.
Currently, SAM only supports creating reports based on the embedded entities (Product, Software Publisher, License
Metric, and Product Compliance). For more information, see 
Design SAM reports from SMAX using embedded entities
.
SAM now supports creating compliance reports based on license consumption data managed in IBM License Management
Tool (ILMT). This feature leverages the 
IBM License Metric Tool (ILMT)/BigFix Integration
.
For more information, see 
Best practice of creating compliance reports for ILMT-managed products
.
You can upgrade the new SAM capability along with the suite. For more information about required configurations,
see 
Perform post-upgrade tasks as the suite admin
 or 
Upgrade the suite (managed kubernetes)
.
Mobile app
You can now approve or deny the change requests with the mobile app. This feature is only supported for SMAX 2020.11.
After you select 
Visible to Self-service Portal 
in the 
Price
 tab
 of an offering, the additional price added per user option
is also displayed on the individual user options in the mobile app.
Agent mode
The agent mode of Service Portal 
mobile app
 is available as Early Access in this release on iOS devices only.
Agent users can switch to the agent interface and manage the requests after the agent mode is enabled in 
Application Settings
and mobile request forms are configured.
For more information, see 
https://community.microfocus.com/t5/SMAX-Learn/Live-Meetings-for-SMAX-Software-Community-
Technical/ta-p/1616351
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
118
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.