Cost
Governance
and
Resource
Optimization
(CGRO)
CGRO enables you to optimize your cloud spending and
simplify configuration with various Cloud providers. With
CGRO, you can review your public cloud costs to get a clearer
understanding of your activity and usage of public cloud
resources.
Note
: the CGRO installation has a dependency on DND. If you
select CGRO, you must select DND as well.
For Cloud Management
Optional for SMAX customers
Requires a separate HCMX license
Has a dependency on DND
Software
Asset
Management
(SAM)
With the hardware and software data discovered by UD and
license data retrieved from SMAX, the new SAM capability
enables you to calculate and analyze license compliance for
the software applications that you are using in your
organization. This will reduce the risk of non-compliance and
improve visibility into your financial and operational decisions.
Optional for SMAX customers
Capability
Description
Notes
Add-on capabilities require extra hardware resources. 
CMS installation considerations
Also, SMA offers the SAM and Native SACM solutions, both of which require (and share) an integration with the Configuration
Management System (CMS). For more information about Native SACM and SAM, see 
Enable SAM
 and 
Enable Native SACM
.
Decide on which of the following types of CMS you want to use:
Classic CMS (traditional, non-containerized CMS)
Containerized CMS (installed through Helm as the next deployment on the same OMT cluster)
Typical deployment options
The following are typical deployment options based on capability combinations for different use cases:
Option 1: SMA only
Option 2: SMA + SAM + CMS
Option 3: SMA +DND + OO + CGRO
Each capability has its own deployment size definitions. Sizing recommendations are available for each option, based on an
assumption that all capabilities of the option have the same deployment size (Small, Medium, or Large).  
If none of the deployment options meets your needs, you can calculate your hardware requirements by manually adding up all
hardware resources required for your desired capabilities. 
Option 1. Install SMA only
Use this option if you plan to install only the SMA capability. The following diagram illustrates the architecture of this
deployment option. 
 
 
Option 2. Install SMA + SAM  + CMS
Use this option if you plan to install the SMA and SAM capabilities (and optionally enable Native SACM). The following diagrams
illustrate the architecture of this deployment option, using classic CMS or the standalone containerized CMS, respectively. 
To use the SAM and Native SACM solutions, you need to integrate SMA with CMS (UCMDB Server and CMS Gateway). 
SMA + SAM + classic CMS
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
544
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.