The control plane node where you run the install command.
Helm installation
An installation of an ITOM suite or service using Helm charts.
High availability
A system characteristic to provide higher levels of uptime.
IdM
Micro Focus
 technology providing authentication and authorization services.
Image
A stored instance of a container that holds a set of software needed to run an application.
Ingress
A Kubernetes object that's processed by an Ingress controller which in turn provides inbound access for clients to the
application services running inside the cluster.
Installation Portal
OMT provides a graphical user interface ("installation portal") for the suite administrator to deploy the suite. You need to first
get the installation portal ready and then use that portal. You can access it via 
https://{ACCESS_HOST_NAME}:3000/
 during the
installation process.
Internal load balancer
The internal load balancer is used for internal traffic among all control plane nodes and worker nodes. It balances the traffic to
all control plane nodes for the internal services which would be accessed by all nodes of the cluster. Usually, these services
aren't accessible for users outside of the cluster. So the internal load balancer should also not be accessible for outside users
and we just use an internal load balancer for it.
Job
A Kubernetes object describing a one-time execution of a script or program.
Kubectl
A command-line tool for communicating with a Kubernetes API server.
Kubernetes
An open-source system for automating deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications
Kubernetes API
The application that serves Kubernetes functionality through a RESTful interface and stores the state of the cluster.
kube-apiserver
A component on the control plane node that exposes the Kubernetes API. It's the front-end for the Kubernetes control plane.
Kubelet
The node agent that's responsible for running the containers scheduled to that node.
Kube proxy
A network proxy that runs on every cluster node.
Logging
Logs are the list of events that are logged by cluster or application.
Label
A key/value pair that can be set on most any Kubernetes object.
Load balancer
Distributes network load across multiple endpoints. Load balancers provide load balancing when the traffic hits one of the
cluster nodes and is routed by kube-proxy and/or the in-cluster NGINX instances to the backend pods. The keepalived provides
failover if a control plane node runs into error. A load balancer acts as a reverse proxy and distributes network or application
traffic across the cluster nodes. A load balancer is used to increase capacity (concurrent users) and reliability of applications.
Load registry
Cluster-internal container image registry. A place where container images are stored so they can be retrieved by container
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
535
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.