toolkit runs.
No built-in scheduler for automatic backup. You can use third-party tools to schedule the backup jobs.
No integrity check and encryption for the backup data.
Update
You can apply a patch update or a version update to SMAX.
For the version update, SMAX only supports an upgrade from the previous release to the current release ("N to N+1").
For more information, see 
Upgrade
.
Sizing
You can specify the suite sizing during installation based on your use case. For more information, see the following topics:
Sizing for on-premises deployment
 
Sizing considerations for GCP deployment
Sizing considerations for AKS deployment
Sizing considerations for EKS deployment
Sizing considerations for OpenShift deployment
You can also increase your deployment size before a suite version upgrade. The new size takes effect only when the version
update is completed.
Security
You can import users from LDAP or federated SAML IdP to the suite. For more information, see 
How to edit an account
.
Monitoring and logging
You can configure a proper monitoring mechanism so that you are aware of any potential issues with your worker nodes, pods,
and services. For more information, see 
Monitoring SMA with open source tools
.
Openl10n support
By using the Openl10n community site, you can localize SMAX (Service Portal and Service Management) into additional
languages that aren't officially supported by SMAX. For more information, see 
Localize SMAX by using Openl10n
.
Appendix
This section provides the following information:
A table that outlines the detailed supportability for certain capabilities
A pod failure recovery time report that lists the Mean Time to Repair (MTTR) for the pods. The time is calculated based on
a specific system configuration (1 control plane node + 2 worker nodes with 8 CPU/32G Memory, 50 self-service users,
and 50 IT agent users) in a lab environment. The actual time may vary depending on your suite size.
Supportability
This section describes the suite's supportability for the following capabilities. 
Backup and restore
The suite supports backup and restore based on Velero. 
High availability
See the following table.
Category
Supported pods
Failure recovery
All 
pods
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
448
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.