Best Practices
Introduction
Service Management Automation X (SMAX) is the first application suite for IT and Enterprise Service and Asset
Management built on native machine learning, analytics, CMDB, and discovery. The out-of-the-box, extensible, best practices
and completely codeless configuration means faster time-to-market for implementations. It can be deployed on-premise, in
private or public cloud, or moved from one to the other as business conditions change. Its scalable, multi-tenant, architecture
makes it easy to install, configure, and run.
Customers (and their administrators) that have worked with other products may find some areas in SMAX different than they
are used to -- especially products that aren't ITIL compliant. This document attempts to highlight and explain some of the
important concepts and functionality within SMAX that may be new or not intuitive to users not familiar with the product.
This document, as well as the related documents linked here, will continue to evolve over time. Check back often for new
areas of interest, and feel free to suggest possible content using the "feedback" option.
 
High Level Guidance
Stay close to home
…and out of the box
In order to get the most out of your SMAX implementation, We recommend keeping as close to the provided out-of-the-box
processes as possible. These have been created based on the industry standard ITIL process definitions as well as years of
experience supporting customers with their IT business.
SMAX contains numerous methods of configuring these processes to fix specific needs but be careful not to use these to
change a process into something that it wasn’t meant to support. For example, you don’t want to modify the Request process
to handle Incidents. There are specific workflows, rules, and supporting process around each of these that are specific to their
needs. Trying to fit a square peg into a round hole by drastically changing these processes to fit other needs will not only
make the overall system more complex and unmanageable but may also cause issues when trying to upgrade to new versions,
take advantage of new functionality, or implement integrations to other products.
This document will highlight some of the methods available to streamline your SMAX processes to fit your needs without
changing the methodology behind the overall system.
Don’t create the next buggy whip
…by trying to reimplement an old system inside of SMAX
One of the most common causes of issues in a SMAX implementation is the attempt to recreate the functionality of an older or
different Service Management application. In most cases, SMAX has a different method of implementing behaviors than
whichever older product is being replaced. It's important that the implementor understands the SMAX methods and
methodology and doesn't try to recreate exactly what they had in their previous application.
While it would be impossible to cover every application that SMAX could replace, there is a separate document that reviews
several use cases for implementors that are coming from Service Manager. That document may be found 
here
.
 
Processes
Service Request vs. Incident
Using the Service Request and Incident applications correctly allows an IT organization to better serve their customers while
gathering important information about how those customers are using the available services. This in turn allows IT to improve
existing services as well as identifying the need for additional ones.
For customers moving to SMAX from non-ITIL (or older versions of ITIL) based solutions, the difference between Service
Request and Incident may not be readily apparent. However, the ITIL v3 framework makes the distinction clear:
The goal of Service Request Management is to ensure that the user can consume the service to their satisfaction.
The goal of Incident Management is to restore normal operation of a service as quickly as possible.
To use the example of a restaurant, Service Request handles everything that the guests (the end users) interact with. The
guests can order from the menu of what the restaurant provides (the Service Catalog) or talk to the wait staff (the Service
Desk operators) if they need something they can’t find on the menu. Their order is represented by a Service Request in our
scenario.
However they order it, whatever the guest asks for makes its way to the kitchen where their order is prepared. In our example,
this is where the chefs (the IT operators) provide the guests with their orders. They have a variety of equipment to cook with
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
270
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.