Use case: OPB endpoints of Design and Deploy
This document covers the use case for the following On-Premises Bridge (OPB) endpoint types of Design and Deploy:
LDAP Query: Fetch values from the LDAP server.
JDBC Query: Fetch data from a database server.
File system: Fetch the content from a file.
REST Executor 1.0: Fetch the data made available in a REST API. 
Note
: The response size limit currently is 128 KB.
Use case: Eve, as a Service Designer, can make use of the data provided by the above OPB endpoints in a dynamic list
property. For this, she needs the OPB endpoints configured in Agent Portal. After configuring an endpoint, she can use the
same in dynamically listing the data in the configuration option properties of service design.
The following user roles are involved in this use case:
User role
Responsibilities
Tenant Admin
Configure OPB endpoints
Service Designer
Create configuration option dynamic list properties in service design using OPB endpoints
Service Portal User
Request for a cloud service offering from the Service Portal
Prerequisites
Ensure to complete the following prerequisites:
Install and add an OPB Agent
Configure OPB endpoints
Install and add an OPB Agent
Install an OPB Agent on-premises
To use the DND endpoints, you need to download and install the latest OPB agent.
For Windows, refer to 
Download and install the OPB (Windows)
.
For Linux, refer to 
Download and install the OPB Agent (Linux)
.
Add an agent
For Windows, refer to 
Add an agent (Windows)
.
For Linux, refer to 
Add an agent (Linux)
.
Configure OPB endpoints
Perform the following tasks in the given order to configure the OPB endpoints.
1
. 
Specify endpoint credentials using Endpoint Credentials Manager in OPB agent server.
2
. 
Add an endpoint in Agent Portal.
3
. 
Configure an endpoint in Agent Portal.
Specify endpoint credentials using Endpoint Credentials Manager on OPB agent server
For Windows:  See 
How to specify credentials (Windows)
For Linux: See 
How to specify credentials (Linux)
Different versions of the LDAP support different types of 
securityAuthentication
, consumed in the Javascript as shown in the
below examples:
Value
Description
none
Use no authentication (anonymous).
In the Credentials Manager, you can provide dummy values for credentials, as these are mandatory values.
simple
Simple user name and password authentication. In the Credentials Manager, provide the user name and
password.
Important: 
When specifying the credentials, select the respective endpoint types listed below:
JDBC: 
JDBC Query
LDAP: 
LDAP Query
File system: 
File System
REST API: 
REST Executor Domain 1.0
For File System, do not leave the user and password fields blank. You can even specify dummy values as
these are mandatory values and are required when configuring the endpoint.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
514
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.