Business Intelligence Synchronization
Introduction
The Business Intelligence (BI Sync) Integration module enables you to define the fields and relationships that are available for
a specific record type when exporting data for use with an external business intelligence system. BI Sync can be used to export
information not currently available in the SMA-X reporting framework 
This chapter will include:
Enabling BI Sync on your Service Management Automation X tenant
Adding the required record types and fields necessary for generating the desired reports
Executing the REST call that generates the data
Downloading the data
Enabling BI Sync on your Service Management Automation X Tenant
BI Sync is a resource intensive feature, and is disabled by default when a new Service Management Automation X tenant is
created. To determine if BI Sync is enabled on your tenant, navigate to 
Administration->Integrations
 and then select “
BI
Integration
”. The system will display a message on the screen if the feature is disabled. You must create a ticket with the
Service Management Automation X support team in order to enable the BI Sync feature.
Adding the required record types and fields necessary for generating the desired
reports
BI Sync allows users to export all desired transactional data available in Service Management Automation X. The first step is
configuring the entity types that you wish to export. From the BI Sync menu, select an entity type from the Record type list.
Then select all fields from that entity that you wish to export. It is important to note that when specific fields are dependent on
other entity type, an indicator is seen next to the field name. You will need to export each of these entity types as well. For
example, if you are exporting the requested by person of an Incident, both the incident and person entities must be exported.
Executing the REST call that generates the data
After selecting the entity types and fields that are required, you must execute a REST call to schedule a job which prepares the
data. In systems with a large amount of data, it may take several hours until the data is ready for download.
To start the job, execute the following REST call: https://<MasterNode>/rest/<tenantId>/bi/initial . This will perform a FULL
synchronization of the data. If you have already downloaded data it is possible to generate a second download that only
includes the differences in the data since the last initial synchronization was run. When the REST call is run, it will provide a
SyncId. The Sync Id is required to be able to tell when the job is done and where the resulting files are stored.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
283
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.