Total Cost of Ownership (TCO)
A form of full cost accounting. It's a financial estimate designed to help consumers and enterprise managers assess direct and
indirect costs commonly related to software or hardware. The total cost includes all financial consequences of owning a CI or
asset. For example, in addition to the initial purchase price, the total cost includes maintenance, accommodation charges,
potential opportunity costs, training costs, consumables required, internal and external support, and interest on capital.
Time series report
The time series report displays a sequence of data obtained by analyzing a group of items over a defined period of time. 
When you select a time field as the primary or secondary level group, the report will display a series of values at defined
successive time intervals. If any of the time intervals has no data, the report will display 0 as the value for that time interval.
The time fields are fields with the logical type as 'DATE' and 'DATE_TIME'.
Transition
The progression from one phase to another in a workflow. A transition may be automatic or manual.
U
Underpinning Contract (UC)
A contract between an IT service provider and a third party. The third party provides goods or services that support the
delivery of an IT service to a customer. The underpinning contract defines targets and responsibilities that are required to
meet agreed service level targets in one or more service level agreements.
Urgency
A measure of how long it will be until an incident, problem, or change has a significant impact on the business. For example, a
high-impact incident may have low urgency if the impact will not affect the business until the end of the financial year. Impact
and urgency are used to assign priority.
V
Vendor management
Vendors are companies that provide your company with goods or services. Vendors can be internal or external, vendors,
suppliers, distributors, service providers, cloud service providers, or wholesalers.
In Service Management, you manage vendors in the vendor management module.
View
A view is a list of records produced by a search or filter operation.
W
Workaround
Reducing or eliminating the impact of an incident or problem for which a full resolution isn't yet available – for example, by
restarting a failed CI. Workarounds for problems are documented in known error records. Workarounds for incidents that don't
have associated problem records are documented in the incident record.
Workflow
A workflow is an end-to-end process from the record creation to its closure. The building blocks of the workflow are
metaphases, phases and transitions.
OMT glossary
Annotation
Key/Value type metadata that can be specified on Kubernetes object to help identification, management or add-on
functionality. An example of such annotations are the Kubernetes-vault definitions used to configure authentication tokens and
certificates.
API server
A server application that provides an API to provide information and/or perform a set of tasks. An example is the Kubernetes
API server that exposes an API to view and change the cluster state.
AutoPass
Micro Focus
 product license control and metering technology.
OMT
ITOM OPTIC Management Toolkit (OMT) is a platform built for the containerized IT Operations Management (ITOM) portfolio.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
533
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.