Service request management enables you to create, escalate, fulfill, and monitor service requests. Service requests can be
either support requests or service requests. If you don't select a relevant catalog offering, Service Management opens a
generic support request.
Severity
An attribute in incident management and problem management that describes the degree of impact on the user when the
issue occurs. Severity can also indicate the number of users affected. For example, a server crash that caused loss of data
would be of critical severity.
Shopping cart
A system for users in the 
Service Portal
 to collect and submit requests for multiple goods and services. As each item is added
to or removed from the cart, the total number of items is updated and displayed beside the cart image. The user can click the
cart image to edit, duplicate, or remove items, and to submit them.
Software Asset Management (SAM)
The process responsible for tracking and reporting the use and ownership of software assets throughout their lifecycle.
Software asset management is part of an overall service asset and configuration management process. This process isn't
described in detail within the core ITIL publications.
SAM is the practice of integrating people, processes, and technology to allow software licenses and usage to be tracked,
evaluated, and managed. The goal of SAM is to reduce IT expenses, human resource overhead, and risks inherent to owning
and managing software assets. This includes, but isn't limited to, maintaining software license compliance, tracking inventory
and usage of software assets, and maintaining policies and procedures surrounding the definition, deployment, configuration,
use, and retirement of software assets. SAM represents the software component of IT Asset Management (ITAM), including
hardware asset management. SAM is linked to ITAM due to the concept that, without effective inventory hardware controls,
efforts to control the software are significantly inhibited.
Standard change
A pre-authorized change that's low risk, relatively common and follows a procedure or work instruction – for example, a
password reset or provision of standard equipment to a new employee. Requests for change aren't required to implement a
standard change, and they are logged and tracked using a different mechanism, such as a service request.
Status
The name of a required field in many types of records. It shows the current stage in the lifecycle of the associated CI, incident,
problem etc.
Suite Administration
A user interface for a suite administrator to manage, configure, and operate the suite.
Suite metadata
SMA suite metadata is a configuration package that contains suite's release information (suite version, image tags, etc). You
need it to start your suite installation.
Supplier
A third party responsible for supplying goods or services that are required to deliver IT services. Examples of suppliers include
commodity hardware and software vendors, network and telecom providers, and outsourcing organizations.
Support request
Support requests encompass those requests that haven't been predefined or expected by the service owner. This can include
questions, suggestions, or even complaints.
Survey management
Survey management enables you to create surveys to be sent to end users, and to consume the data collected by the surveys.
T
Task
The work processes necessary to complete a change. For example, a change to replace a hard drive with a larger model might
include these tasks: ordering the new drive, backing up the old drive, and installing the new drive.
Tasks must belong to a change. Task start and end dates, if specified, must fall within the start and end dates of the parent
change. Tasks are classified by categories. Tasks can be broken into phases, if that level of discrimination is necessary. Work
can't proceed to the next phase until all tasks beneath it are complete.
Time period
Service Management's time period management module enables users with the appropriate permissions to create, edit, and
manage time periods for use in change and service level management. You can create maintenance, blackout, work schedule,
holiday, and event time periods. Time management helps users plan implementation of changes, so as to minimize disruption,
and maximize the efficient use of resources. Service Management uses work schedule time periods in service level
management calculations.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
532
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.