Reporting Options
Reporting
The ability to process and investigate the data gathered in a service management system is of utmost importance. The SMAX
application provides several methods for reporting on this data, including handling both operational and analytical type
reports.
Due to the differences in technology and functionality between Service Manager and SMAX, automatic migration of existing
reports is not possible. Therefore, it is important to understand the reporting options that SMAX provides in order to decide
where and how the existing reporting requirements should be met.
Internal Reporting
In-tool reports enable the view of the current and past status of the SMAX system. Data may be grouped or filtered to display
specific information and data relevant to an agent or a supervisor. Reports may be saved publically and made available to
agents with appropriate permissions or may be set for private use.
An overview of SMAX in-tool reporting 
may be found here
.
External Reporting
SMAX built-in reports and dashboards provide a quick and useful way to define many simple operational and analytic reports.
Meanwhile, complex reporting and KPI determination need advanced queries that involve multiple tables. These reports can be
better addressed with external Business Intelligence tools crafted specifically for this purpose.
The SMAX application provides two primary tools for exposing the relevant data to the external reporting tools:
PostgreSQL Views
Business Intelligence Integration and APIs
PostgreSQL Views
The internal representation of SMAX data is not formed in a way that is conducive to reporting tools. Instead, 
PostgreSQL
views
 are generated automatically by the SMAX platform and allow external tools to view SMAX data in a standard relational
format. By connecting a third-party tool, such as Microsoft Power BI or Tableau, directly to your SMAX data, PostgreSQL views
may be utilized to generate complex and comprehensive database reports.
Documentation that explains how to use PostgreSQL Views may be 
found here
. Additionally, a video demonstration may be
found here
.
 
Business Intelligence Integration
The Business Intelligence (BI) integration module enables an administrator to export fields and relationships for selected
record types so that they may be imported into an external Business Intelligence tool. This allows great flexibility in exporting
data for a third-party reporting tool. It is also useful for aggregating SMAX data with data contained in other parts of an
organization.
You can perform the intergration with either of the following methods:
Use the BI integration API
Use OData for BI integration
Details on the Business Intelligence Integration model may be 
found here.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
250
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.