Listing of service instances by users. 
For more information, see 
Deployment Operations - Instance Management
.
A new default role, CMP Agent, is added, see 
Roles
.
Fulfillment plan enhancements
To allow customization, the default fulfillment task plan added to the aggregated offering is improved with more
granularities.
A new fulfillment plan type, Cloud Service Request, is added. This type of fulfillment plan only contains a task plan but no
user options.
Notifications for cloud subscriptions and service requests
The subscriber can receive email notifications when:
the cloud subscription is about to expire or is expired.
the cloud service deployment is successful or failed.
the cloud subscription is canceled.
the cloud service modification is successful or failed.
For more information, see 
Subscription notification rules
.
For service requests, the assigned agents can receive notifications when the system fails to deploy, modify, or cancel a cloud
service. See 
Service request notification rules
.
Experience mode enhancements
The experience mode setting now becomes a multi-select field that sets the experience when users work with this tenant. The
following options are available based on the license assigned to the tenant: 
Enterprise Service Management    
IT Service Management    
Asset Management    
Cloud Management
For more information, see 
Experience mode
.
Tenancy model migration
If you have an existing tenant created before the introduction of the 1 tier tenancy model (starting from version 2020.05) and
you want to enable add-on capacities for this tenant, you can install and use the tenancy model migration script to migrate
your tenant to the 1 tier tenancy model.
For more information, see 
Migrate a tenant to the 1 tier tenancy model
.
Service Portal enhancements
You can now set the default sort order for the offerings in Service Portal in 
Feature Settings
.
The 
Last update time
 for sorting articles becomes more accurate, which now gets updated only when the article
content is updated or when the article moves to the consumption metaphase.
Cloud Native Focus
You can now use the 'azure' or 'kubenet' network plugin as the cluster's network model when setting up an AKS cluster for
SMA (see 
Build AKS cluster
). Review the 
best practices
 recommended by Azure to choose the plugins based on your needs.
Installation, upgrade, and system maintenance
This release introduces the following changes. 
Support for multi-deployment mode (on-premises and EKS only)
You can now install SMA and CMS on the same CDF cluster, in an on-premises or AWS with EKS environment. In this multi-
deployment scenario, you deploy SMA in a classic way as the first deployment and deploy CMS through Helm as the
next deployment. For more information, see 
(Optional) Install containerized CMS (on-premises)
 and 
(Optional) Install
containerized CMS (EKS)
.
Note
: CMS embedded in the suite has been deprecated since this release (no longer available for new installations). However,
if you have already the embedded CMS installed, it can continue to work after an upgrade to this release. To avoid
confusion, starting with this release, the following documentation convention is used: CMS embedded in the suite is referred to
as the "embedded CMS" and CMS deployed as the next deployment is referred to as the "containerized CMS." 
Support for custom UID and GID
UID and GID refer to the user ID (UID) and group ID (GID) that are used to run the process in a Docker container. In earlier
releases, only a default value of 1999 is supported for both of them. In this release, in addition to 1999, you can specify a
custom value between 100000 and 2000000000 for them. For example, you can use UID=100001 and GID=100002. 
In an embedded kubernetes environment: specify the SYSTEM_USER_ID and SYSTEM_GROUP_ID parameters in the
install.properties file. 
In a managed kubernetes environment: specify the UID and GID as command options when configuring NFS or EFS
volumes.
Suite upgrade limitations due to k8s upgrade (embedded kubernetes only)
The CDF 2020.08 installation and upgrade package for embedded kubernetes deployments adopts a new version of K8S, which
doesn't provide the APIs required by SMA 2020.05. For this reason, if CDF is upgraded to version 2020.08, features that need
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
122
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.