High Availability PostgreSQL with Patroni
Patroni is a tool for deploying PostgreSQL servers in high-availability mode.
Patroni architecture
The following diagram illustrates the architecture of a highly available PostgreSQL cluster using Patroni and HAProxy.
Patroni is a cluster manager that can customize and automate the deployment and maintenance of PostgreSQL HA (High
Availability) clusters. It supports database automatic failover and streaming replication. 
HAProxy or a load balancer offers load balancing and proxying for TCP and HTTP-based applications.
Etcd is a strongly consistent, distributed key-value store that provides a reliable way to store data that a distributed system or
cluster of machines needs to access. Use Etcd to store the state of the PostgreSQL cluster to keep the Postgres cluster up and
running.
To use this architecture, you must specify the HAProxy virtual IP address and port (5000 by default) as the database server
host IP address and port.
To connect to the read-only database server, you must specify the HAProxy virtual IP address and the read-only port (6000 by
default) as the read-only database server host IP address and port.
The following describes the procedure to install a highly available PostgreSQL cluster using Patroni and HAProxy (or an F5 load
balancer) on RHEL8 in a lab environment.
Preparation
Before you proceed, complete the following preparation steps.
Prepare VMs
Prepare 4 virtual machines (VMs) or physical hosts. In this example, we use 4 VMs prepared with Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8
Important 
Practice guidance of any third-party products (for example, PostgreSQL HA) provided by Micro
Focus is for reference purposes only with an intention to help customers. However, customers will remain
responsible for ensuring that the end-to-end solution works with the underlying infrastructure, hardware/software
dependencies, and more. Micro Focus will extend its responsibility and support for Micro Focus products only per
contractual agreements as applicable.


Note
 You can deploy a hardware load balancer to replace the HAProxy in the following diagram. In our lab
environment, we've validated the configurations and deployments with an F5 load balancer.


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
579
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.