Desired Outcomes
A few years ago, I came to work at ACME Products Incorporated in the IT operations department. As the company has grown,
my responsibilities have grown. I learned many things during my time here, including the fact that no one outside of IT knows
what we do. We get calls and emails asking us about anything from the payroll system to the microwaves in the break room.
As the company keeps growing we get more and more of these requests every day.
So far we’ve been handling all these requests through a legacy issue tracking system that at best I could call “old school.” It's
adequate for giving us a place to write the details of an employee’s issue, but that’s about it. If we want to make any changes
to fit the flow of our own processes, we need to hire a specialized developer or hire consultants to make the modifications. And
we need to recode the changes every time a new version of the software comes out.
With the company growing, my manager decided that now was the time to replace our legacy systems with something more
up to date and agile. He tasked me with finding a new IT management system that was both powerful and cost-effective.
What we need is a product which:
Understands how the IT department works and fits the processes we work with every day
Helps IT promote what we do to the rest of the company
Defines and drives best practices in our processes and is built for this purpose, not just provides a toolkit where we have
to create our own value
Delivers new functionality in a manner which doesn’t affect our existing processes (low maintenance upgrades)
Doesn’t require an army of programmers to add functionality or keep it running
Has the ability to expand outside of IT to help in other areas such as HR or facilities
Can learn how our agents and end-users work to help streamline our processes
I researched the current solutions and discovered the Service Management Automation X (SMAX) from 
Micro Focus
. This suite
has all the tools I need to build our team a true service desk to manage our own internal processes as a service provider, and a
customer-facing portal to handle all the requests from our consumers. It also has built-in Big Data analytics to help us analyze
what we are doing both right and wrong and allow us to continually improve the service we provide. Best of all, it gives us
several options in our implementation strategy. We can install SMAX in either a private or public cloud, or on our own physical
infrastructure.
We have quite a few challenges in this project, the biggest being the small team and short timeline I have to get things
completed. When I say a small team, it's just me to start with. And when I say short timeline, the word I got from management
was “yesterday”. Once I am successful in getting this project up and running (and with the Service Management Automation X
suite I know I’ll be successful) I’m sure we will bring in more resources to help me maintain and continue to improve the
system. So I'll document the process I use to create the system to help those people down the road.
This means instead of simply writing up the ‘what’ I did, I'll also take time to explain ‘why’ I did it. My choices might not be the
best for everyone, but I'll attempt to take an approach that would work for the majority of people going through the same
process. I'll also try to make a note of any tips or tricks I learn along the way and anything that didn't quite go the way I
expected. I hope that this will produce a guide that will help others get up and running with SMAX quickly and efficiently and
help everyone understand the impact of the choices I made.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
150
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.