SMAX
You assign permissions to SMAX roles from the agent interface. For more information, see 
Roles
.
CMS
You assign CMS role permissions from the UCMDB UI. For more information, see the permission granting section in 
Create CMS
non-admin roles, users, and groups
.
Other capabilities
For capabilities other than SMAX and UCMDB, the suite admin manages their role permissions from the IdM Admin Portal. For
details, see the following links:
Configure authorization for DND
Configure authorization for Content Store
Configure authorization OO Containerized
Limitations
The converged authorization solution has the following limitations.
The "Move tenant" feature in Suite Administration doesn't support converged authorization. The feature imports the
authorization data from the source tenant to the target tenant, but the authorization data imported into the target tenant
isn't replicated to IdM. 
If a group and a user have the same user principal name (UPN), you can't assign roles to that group or user. This issue
happens only to existing authorization data from an upgraded system. In new installations, you're not allowed to create a
user and a group with the same UPN.
When replicating authorization data to IdM, the system skips the 
Self-Service Restricted Portal User
, 
Self-Service
Portal User
, and 
Guest
 roles. If a group has only one or more of these roles assigned, the system doesn't replicate the
group to IdM; if a group has also other roles assigned, the system replicates the group but skips the relationships
between the group and any of these three roles. 
The 
Self-Service Restricted Portal User
, 
Self-Service Portal User
, and 
Guest
 roles are SMAX Service Portal
specific roles, and hence there's no need to replicate them to IdM. 
The user principal name of a group or the Code value of a role can't contain special characters, including space, carriage
return, and any of the following characters: 
@;:=&<>#{}|`^~%'?"/[]
.
Some roles have different names in the Agent interface and in IdM. For example, the 
Tenant Admin Role
 in the agent
interface has a display name of 
tenantAdmin
 in IdM. For a list of these roles, see 
Authorization migration tab
.
This solution replicates only direct group memberships from IdM. It doesn't replicate group memberships created by
LDAP group rules configured in the IdM Admin Portal.
Migrate authorization data
If you have one or more of the additional capabilities deployed, you may want to migrate existing authorization data between
IdM and the tenant so that converged authorization works for all authorization data of that tenant. A 
Migrate
 button is
available from Suite Administration: either from the tenant record or from the Configurations tab. You can start the migration
process with one click. This process replicates authorization data between IdM and the tenant (the agent interface) so that
both sides store the same authorization data. This is a one-time process. Once the two sides store the same data, whenever
you create new authorization data from the agent interface, the new data is replicated to IdM simultaneously. For more
information, see 
Authorization migration tab
.
If you have none of the additional capabilities deployed in your environment, there's no need to do the migration. This is
because you can manage SMAX roles, groups, and role permissions directly from the agent interface without the need for the
IdM Admin Portal.  
Tip 
You can safely run the migration multiple times.


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
393
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.