Enhancing Workflow with Models
Introduction
When certain sub-types of processes necessitate additional process definition on top of the existing workflow, the SMAX
administrator can define specific Model records. These models allow the default workflow to be extended in multiple ways,
including:
Adding additional fields, called 
User options
Adding business rules
Adding specific tasks during multiple workflow phases
Setting default values that are set when the model is selected
Models are available for the following processes:
Change
Incident
Knowledge (Article models)
Release
Request (Offerings)
The following areas support models, but only for setting supporting information/default fields:
Asset Models
License Models
The administrator can define models in these areas to create a unique flow on top of the existing process workflow. The
following example shows how the use of Incident Models can create a specific workflow for Major Incidents inside of the
Incident process workflow. Note how the Incident Model allows the additional flow on top of the existing Incident workflow.
Requirements
When a Major Incident occurs:
1
. 
The Impact and Urgency of the Incident should be set automatically
2
. 
The Incident should automatically be marked as a Problem candidate.
3
. 
The group handling the Incident needs to set up a PDL and open a Bridge line for the Major incident team to communicate
with
4
. 
The group handling the Incident needs to add the domain experts to the Major incident team
5
. 
Notifications should be sent to the PDL whenever a new comment is added to the Incident
6
. 
The manager of the group handling the Incident must sign off that the Incident has been resolved successfully
Implementation
In order to fulfill the requirements, the administrator will create a new Incident Model record named “Major Incident”.
User Options
Two user options will be added. One to contain the PDL, and the other to contain the Bridge Code.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
381
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.