contain the transaction details for each cloud resource provisioned. For details, see 
HCMX License
.
Platform features
Data domain segmentation for Native SACM
Data domain segmentation in Service Management provides the ability to restrict the visibility of specific records and actions
to specific people, roles, or groups. In this release, through the Native SACM solution, data domain segmentation is associated
with UCMDB multi-tenancy. 
In UCMDB, the UCMDB Multi-Tenant architecture is designed to provide a logical separation of the data model into tenants.
With the data model and the class model stored in UCMDB, the UCMDB Multi-Tenant solution tags each CI and resource (TQL
query, View) as being owned/used by certain tenants. The UCMDB Multi-Tenant architecture serves the same purpose as SMAX
data domain segmentation. When Native SACM is enabled, SMAX data domains can be synchronized to UCMDB as UCMDB
consumer tenants, thus achieving data segmentation in both systems. For details, see 
Adopt data domain segmentation for
Native SACM
.
Single Sign-On with UCMDB
Single Sign-On can be achieved by connecting UCMDB and SMAX IdM, it also works when there are multiple SMAX tenants and
multiple UCMDB customers. For details, see 
Single Sign-On with UCMDB
.
OAuth authentication support
To broaden the use case for users to access Service Portal and the agent interface, the suite admin can configure the OAuth
authentication in IdM Admin Portal to verify the identity of end users. The OAuth authentication is only supported by tenants
with the new tenancy mode. For details, see 
Configure authentication in IdM Admin Portal
.
Password policy enhancement
To have the flexibility to specify different password policies for different users, the suite admin can go to IdM Admin Portal to
define multiple password policies, specify password policies for specific user types, and specify password policies for specific
users according to business requirements. For details, see 
Configure password policy in IdM Admin Portal
.
Access Token
To better support single sign-on when you deploy multiple 
Micro Focus
 products, the Access Token mechanism is implemented
in the suite as a start to replace the LW-SSO mechanism.
Cloud Native Focus
You can now migrate the suite from on-premises to cloud environments or between different public cloud platforms. See
details at 
Migrate the suite to a new deployment platform
.
For the suite deployed in the cloud, a new backup and restore solution is introduced in this release. This solution
leverages Velero to back up and restore the Kubernetes configurations and verifies the cloud-native services to back up
and restore the database and storage data. See 
Back up and restore (managed kubernetes)
 for more information. 
Installation, upgrade, and system maintenance
OpenShift support in an on-premises environment (
under controlled availability
):
 
You can now install SMA on
OpenShift in an on-premises environment. For more information, see 
Install on OpenShift
. 
Upgrade precheck: you can now specify a tenant content validation timeout value. For more information, see 
Tenant
content validation fails
.
Enhanced Support Assistant. For more information, see 
SMA Support Assistant
.
Support for PostgreSQL 9.5 is discontinued, and support for PostgreSQL 11 is added.
Documentation
Terminology change (documentation only): Following industry standards and updates to the Kubernetes glossary, the help
center refers to a “master node” as a “control plane node” as of this release. This is a name change only; there is no
change in functionality. In some cases, such as UI text in the CDF Installation Portal, this change is not yet applied. In such
cases, the documentation continues to use the legacy term.
Service Management Automation X Privacy Settings Guide for Administrators and End Users
The 
Service Management Automation X Privacy Settings Guide for Administrators and End Users
, available on the
Software Support Portal
, provides information about how personally identifiable information (PII) is collected by SMAX and
how to configure privacy settings. This document is used as guidance for following requirements from legislations like
GDPR or CCPA. To download this document, you must log on to the Software Support Portal and your account must be
configured to contain a valid Service Agreement ID (SAID).
2020.08
Software Asset Management (SAM)
SAM is a new capability that helps you better understand the relationship between software installed in your enterprise and
the contracts you hold for this software.
In this release, SAM reaches GA with the following enhancements: 
Supports containerized SAM included in SMAX installation. You can deploy SAM in an on-premises or an AWS, Azure, and
GCP environment. Also, you can choose to install it as an add-on capability after the suite installation. For more
information, see 
Install add-on capabilities
.
Note:
 If you already have a classic SAM instance deployed and want to use the new containerized SAM capability
introduced in this release, remove the classic instance from the tenant and then deploy a new one. For more information,
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
120
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.