In the agent interface, you can now export Rich Text fields when exporting data in grid views to a CSV or XLS file. The Rich
Text fields (either encrypted or not) are exported with HTML tags removed. Additionally, you can export up to 1,000 records
with no more than 3 Rich Text fields at one time.
Note
: This feature isn't supported in the self-service portal.
Upgrade process enhancements
Support of auto upgrade for CDF: You can upgrade CDF by using the autoUpgrade.sh script.
Support of CDF hot upgrade (upgrade with no downtime). When upgrading CDF manually, you can run a script
(podReScheduler.sh) before upgrading each worker node to reschedule singleton pods to other worker nodes in advance
to avoid system downtime.
Ability to increase the suite deployment size as part of the suite upgrade process (for example, from Small to Medium).
Note that scaling down isn't supported, and you can change your sizing profile only as part of the suite upgrade process.
Precheck of the cluster resource usage (CPU and Memory)
Improved Service Portal mobile app
The custom image defined on the category will fill the whole category tile on Service Portal mobile app.
Service Portal mobile app supports "Text color on category tile" defined in theme setting.
The UI/UX design of the Service Portal mobile app is improved, including:
Login
 and 
Request
 button design
Default background image
Color schemes
2019.02
SMAX 2019.02 introduces the following new features.
Improved stability and performance
This release has improved the stability and performance of the suite. Improvements made include:
More robust RabbitMQ to prevent crashes and false liveness status of RabbitMQ
Cleanup of redundant SQL queries to reduce backend load
Efficient indexes to speed up query performance
Use of crawling upgrade to adopt new indexes after content update
Crawling upgrade
The crawling upgrade feature enables you to implement various database modifications after a patch or version update or
perform data migration from a legacy field to a new field after a version update. For more information, see 
Crawling upgrade
tab
.
Upgrade process changes
You can upgrade from SMAX version 2018.08, including 2018.08.001 and 2018.11 (also known as "2018.08.002"), to this
release. The upgrade process for this release has the following changes:
CDF upgrade
: includes two steps:
1
. 
Upgrade to CDF 2018.11
2
. 
Upgrade to CDF 2019.02
Suite upgrade:
After CDF is upgraded to version 2019.02, you must first download the suite metadata file from the 
Micro Focus
 Software
Licenses and Downloads portal and upload it to the CDF Management Portal. By reading the suite metadata file, CDF detects if
a suite version update is available. For details, see 
Upgrade
.
HCM integration enhancement
The HCM integration now supports additional use cases to use change control in HCM offering fulfillment. For more
information, see 
Change control in HCM offering fulfillment
.
Additional support of Service Manager tenant
In earlier SMAX releases, all tenants used SMAX as the backend. This release enables you to deploy a tenant that uses either
SMAX or Service Manager as the backend.
Miscellaneous changes
Simplified installation process:
You no longer need to select your deployment mode (SMAX or SMA-SM mode) on the installation portal's capability
selection screen. Only two capabilities (SMA and CMS) are displayed on the screen.
One more NFS volume is required for CDF (CDF logging volume), and the three suite NFS volumes are no longer
needed.
For best security, a database owner initial password screen is added so that you can specify an initial password for
the PostgreSQL databases that the suite installer automatically creates on the external database server for SMA (you
can update the passwords after installation as described in 
Sync updated suite component database passwords
).
There is no longer an LDAP configuration screen. LDAP configuration is performed in Suite Administration after
installation.
The administrator account setting page enables you to additionally specify an initial password for the internal
integration user (bo-integration). You can change the password after installation (see 
Change internal integration
user password
)
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
128
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.