see 
Enable the SAM capability
.
Supports multi-tenancy: one-to-one tenant mapping with SMAX.
Supports integrating UCMDB with Microsoft SCCM to retrieve the required data for SAM to calculate license compliance.
You can use SCCM to collect data of desktops and installed software applications, and Universal Discovery to discover
servers. For more information, see 
Use the SCCM Installed Software Integration job for SAM
.
Supports more product versions, and also more Microsoft products: Office, Windows desktop OS, BizTalk Server, Visual
Studio, Project Server, Exchange Server, SharePoint Server, Lync Server, Skype for Business Server, Office Visio, Office
Project.  For more information, see 
Supported software titles
.
Standalone containerized CMS (on-premises and EKS only)
Important In this release, the installation of the containerized CMS is under controlled availability, where 
Micro Focus
 will work
with customers to review the planned implementation. Make sure you discuss with your account management before actually
starting to deploy it.
SMAX now can integrate with 
Micro Focus
 CMS that's installed on CDF as a standalone containerized application, by using
Helm charts. 
If you want to use Universal Discovery, you need to install a classic data flow probe. The data flow probe embedded in the
containerized CMS supports only single-customer mode and can be used only for demonstration purposes.  
For more information, see 
(Optional) Install containerized CMS (on-premises)
 and 
(Optional) Install containerized CMS (EKS)
.
Service Management enhancements
Enhanced data domain segmentation
The data domains list can include up to 1,000 items. Additionally, you can now export the existing data domains list to a
.zip package of XLS files for supported languages, update the files with your custom values, and then import your custom
data back to SMAX. See 
Manage the data domains list
.
You can assign up to 250 domains (the Public domain and 249 custom domains) to a record. See 
Assign a record to a data
domain
.
You can assign data domains to a person through the ManagePersons API. See 
Manage Persons API
.
Data domain segmentation is extended to the SACM module. See 
Data domain segmentation for SACM
.
Agentless REST calls
SMAX can now run REST calls to a remote API without the need for an On-Premises Bridge (OPB) agent. You need to configure
an agentless endpoint and an 
Execute Agentless REST
 business rule to run agentless REST calls. For more
information, see 
Run agentless REST calls
.
Attachment allowlist enhancements
For better security, the out-of-the-box attachment allowlist is narrowed down to the following: gif, jpeg, jpg, png, xls, xlsx,
csv, txt, bmp, tif, tiff, log, pkb, eml. Additionally, a 
Restore Default
 button enables you to easily restore the default
allowlist. Unlike in earlier releases, a blank allowlist now disallows users to submit any types of attachments.
Note
: after SMAX is upgraded to this release, your original allowlist, and attachments uploaded before the upgrade are
retained.  
Attachment allowlist checking is now bypassed when users download files from the system (such as zip/xls/csv/pdf/pkb
files), and is conducted only when users upload files to the system no matter whether from the frontend or backend
(through REST calls). Files without an extension are blocked from both the frontend and backend. 
Before starting the suite installation or upgrade, you are prompted to accept a security agreement regarding risks that
customizing the default allowlist might incur, and then generates a legal agreement file (legal-agreement-
YYYYMMDDHHMM.txt) on the NFS server. 
Lookup function
The Lookup() function is added to the expression language. This function returns the value of a record's field when certain
conditions are met. For more information, see 
Expression Language functions and syntax
.
Cloud Management 
Cloud Management simplifies the delivery, consumption, and governance of IT services and resources. The codeless and
customizable interface of cloud management, powered with workflow orchestration, service designer, streamlined catalog, and
a smart service portal, provides for the complete lifecycle management of public and private cloud resources based IT
services. 
In this release, Cloud Management offers the following new features:
Cost Governance and Resource Optimization (CGRO)
CGRO enables you to optimize your cloud spending and simplify configuration with various cloud providers. With CGRO, you
can review your public cloud costs to get a clearer understanding of your activity and usage of public cloud resources.
HCMX license
This release supports the HCMX license which entitles you to use the Cloud Management capability. For more information,
see 
HCMX license
.
In this release, Cloud Management offers the following enhancements:​
Design and Deploy
The 
Deployment Operations
 UI supports the following:
Instance events view provides a link to the Operations Orchestration flow run to aid in troubleshooting flow execution
failures.
Search using the design version.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
121
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.