Databases
Both the OMT and Suites use databases to store their data.
Databases can be embedded PostgreSQL or external PostgreSQL or Oracle.
For production use, only external databases are supported.
The following table lists the OMT databases:
Use
Embedded Database
External database supported?
Micro Focus Identity Management (IDM)
PostgreSQL
Yes, PostgreSQL or Oracle
OMT Suite Installer
PostgreSQL
Yes, PostgreSQL or Oracle
OMT AppHub Helm UI
PostgreSQL
Yes, PostgreSQL or Oracle
Kubernetes data store (*1)
ETCD
No
Flannel configuration (*2)
ETCD through K8S API server
No
Vault data backend (*3)
ETCD or NFS
No
(*1) Kubernetes only installed if OMT with embedded Kubernetes.
(*2) Flannel only installed if OMT with embedded Kubernetes.
(*3) Vault backend NFS if OMT without embedded Kubernetes.
Embedded databases
Overview
OMT AppHub uses two containerized databases:
ETCD
PostgreSQL (optional, can use cluster-external PostgreSQL)
Embedded database are always containerized database engine instances with external storage attached to the container to
store the database files. 
The external storage is NFS or Ceph and is attached to the database container using the volume as persistent volume claim
linked to persistent volume pattern. 
For ETCD, direct hostPath volume mounts are used.
Backup / restore for embedded Postgres
OMT deploys a backup/restore service for the embedded Postgres databases.
The database are registered to this service and can be backed up and restored using a command line tool or by calling the
backup/restore service REST API.
The following diagram shows the architecture and the activity flow for backup of the databases.
External databases
OMT and Suite support using external databases. For the specific system requirements (including database support) of each
Suite, refer to the Install section of the suite documentation.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
436
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.