Core Data
People
The first thing I need to do is to figure out who needs to be part of the system, and what they will do inside of it.
First, all the people that provide one or more of our services (I know we haven’t talked about services yet, but for now think of
them as anything someone might ask us for) need to be in the system so they can see all of the incoming user requests, get
notifications about or possible issues, and work on any tasks we need to assign to them. In most cases, we refer to these users
as 
agents
.
Second, there are all the people that want to consume our services that need a way to interact with us to request the services,
report issues with their ability to consume the service, or even just ask questions about the services. This type of user is most
often referred to as an '
end user
' or '
service requester
'.
Finally, there are all the people that will not be using the system itself but may be referenced inside of it. One example is our
external vendors. These users won’t log in to the system, but our agents might want to call them or send them a copy of a
request via email, so we need their contact information in the system.
In Service Management Automation X there are two types of people; 
users
 and 
contacts
. Users are people that can log in to
the system, while contacts can't. From our previous examples, our agents and end users will exist as users, while the rest
(external vendors, etc.) will be contacts.
Core Data
In this chapter we tackle the concepts around the core data of the Service Management Automation X suite:
people, locations, and groups (and we’ll throw in roles for good measure).
As we introduce new record types, we will be building up the Service Management Automation X Data Model. In
each chapter, we will investigate the core files for each concept or module introduced as well as their immediate
relationships to other record types. This also means that not every relationship may be shown for each record
type, which greatly reduces the complexity of each image. At the end of this guide, we will describe the data
model in detail, but it's difficult to display every relationship in the system in one image. The complete data
model can be found 
here
.
In our Data Model, each box is color-coded. These colors represent the 
badge color
 for records of that type
within SMAX. The color families also help to visualize the overall modules that certain collections of records
create.
Putting the Core Data record types into our data model is a bit problematic, as they relate in some way to almost
every other record type in the system. Instead of drawing all of those lines and making our model unreadable,
here we present a simplified data model showing only the relationships between these objects.
Note the icons for Person, Location, Entitlement Rule, Time period and Group. On our data models from here on
out we will add these icons to any boxes that have relationships to each type. For example, Incident records
reference several types of Core Data, giving the following representation:
In this way, the icons show that the Incident has relationships to Person, Group, and Location.
By the end of this section Glenn will:
Understand which people he needs to include in the Service Management Automation X implementation
Know the difference between a User and a Contact
Discover how to determine what users can do by adding Roles to a Person or Group
Learn about the two different types of Groups in Service Management Automation X; Functional and
Organizational
Define what makes up a Location
See how certain information can be made available only to certain users


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
151
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.