The Products page now presents more information including the time when license compliance is last calculated, the
calculation status, and the time when the product is last synchronized.
AMX theme in Service Portal
One new out-of-the-box display theme, the AMX theme, is now available for tenants newly created in this release. For tenants
created earlier, you can manually create a theme. See 
Configure Service Portal display theme settings
. 
General improvements
This release introduces the following general improvements.
User Management Reports
You can now get detailed reports of user role assignments and license usage from 
User management reports
. 
The tenant admin needs to enable this feature and assign required permissions to users so that they can view the reports.
See 
Enable User Management Reports
.
When this feature is enabled, you can select 
Administration > People > User Management Reports
 to view the following
information:
People and groups assigned with a particular role
Roles assigned to a particular person (either directly assigned or inherited from groups)
A list of licenses with usage information, start date, and expiration date
A list of users allocated with a particular license and a list of logged-in users
SMAX-SMAX case exchange
You can integrate two SMAX systems for case exchange. This integration has the following capabilities:
Uses a built-in integration framework based on the Integration Engine and a new endpoint type 
REST Executor 2.0
. 
Supports all record types
Has predefined configuration templates for Incident and Request case exchange
See 
Integration Engine—SMAX to SMAX case exchange
 and 
Integration Engine
.
New business rules
Create record and entity link
 is an Action rule that creates a record that links to the original record. Fields of the new
record can also be specified by this rule. See 
Action rule examples
.
Validate if field matches pattern
 is a Validation rule that determines if the input of a TEXT field matches a predefined
pattern. See 
Validation rule examples
.
Content module
The Content data can be imported into your instance of Service Management. The 
Content
 menu option
(under 
Administration > Utilities > Data Deployment
) appears only if you have the Tenant Admin role. Unlike Sample
Data, which is for demonstration and testing purposes, the Content data is aimed to ready your Service Management for real-
world business needs. A solution powerful as Enterprise Service Management (ESM) has delicate designs and features to
sustain various ecosystems within an enterprise. For example, besides the traditional IT Service Management, Human
Resource Service Management is a basic and essential system that can be empowered by ESM. However, building up the
whole data model from scratch can be overwhelming and you may not know where to start with. That's when the Content data
comes in handy. See 
Content
.
Accessibility improvements in Chat UI
Chat capability is now compatible with supported screen reader software and keyboard shortcuts. See 
Accessibility support
.
FIPS support
This release supports FIPS mode with the following limitations: 
Supports a FIPS-enabled deployment only on AWS EKS in AWS GovCloud
New installations only (you can't upgrade an existing non-FIPS deployment to FIPS mode)
Only the SMA and containerized CMS services are using FIPS-certified libraries
When running in FIPS mode, SMAX has certain functionality limitations
Note In this release, this feature is under controlled availability.  
See 
FIPS mode
.
Native SACM
The 
Data precheck
 section in 
Enable Native SACM in SMA
 has been enhanced.
Service Portal
This release introduces the following enhancements for Service Portal.
You can now search and access knowledge articles of SharePoint and Confluence from Service Portal.
To define whether and which users can search and access knowledge articles, you can configure the
ExposeInPortal
 and 
ExposeToEntitlementID
 parameters in the CFS's 
config.ini
 file. See 
Integrate with SharePoint
and Confluence
.
The 
custom tab feature
 in Service Portal is improved to support more CRM (Customer Relationship Management) use
cases:
You can now add at most 10 customized tabs in the request list
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
109
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.