Tenancy model migration toolkit
Cloud Management capsules and content packs 
See 
Cloud Management capsules and content packs
.
2021.08
Service Portal
User experience improvements
The refreshed and improved user interface (UI) for Service Portal is launched with optimized user experience.
Improved layout for head menu and sidebar
Optimized behavior for request search
Enhanced UI design for request list, request details, and To-do card
The display order of sections, groups, and individual user options is now aligned with the definition sequence in
offerings.
The 
Theme Settings
 UI is relocated from Agent interface to Service Portal interface and redesigned with the new UI. 
Now you can gain quicker access to create your custom display theme for Service Portal.
Also, you can preview the changes made for your theme immediately through standard navigation
The following settings are newly introduced in theme settings to give you more customized options:
Size of category tiles in landing page
Category text background opacity
Category font size
Category in bold font
Streamline Smart Virtual Agent and IDOL-based Virtual Agent.
For the full list of changes and improvements, see 
Service Portal
.
Functional improvements
The following settings are newly introduced in 
configuration settings
:
You can now add custom actions to the requests in Service Portal.
You can now upload an icon for your embedded JavaScript in Service Portal. The icon will be displayed next to the link you
specified in the sidebar.
The following settings are newly introduced in 
feature settings
:
Enable session timeout alert
Enable voting on service offerings
Enable voting on articles
Include Requests in default filter of global search
You can now use 
Request on behalf
 in tablet browsers.
Asset Management
Software Asset Management enhancements
This release introduces the following enhancements for the new SAM capability.
SAM now supports calculating license consumption for physical VMware clusters. You can view the cluster consumption
information on the 
Analysis 
page.
SAM can now directly calculate the consumption of operating system environment (OSE)-based licenses for software
applications. You can view the OSE-based license consumption on the 
Compliance
 and 
Analysis
 pages.
A 
Managed products 
filter is available now for you to view the managed products.
The 
Products
 and 
Compliance
 pages show the managed products by default. See 
Products
 and 
Compliance
.
For demo or testing purposes, you can download the 
SAM Sample Data 2021.08 
package from 
Micro Focus
 
Marketplace
 and
deploy it in your environment planned to run SAM. See 
Deploy sample data
.
Data migration from Asset Manager
This release provides some sample Connect-It scenarios and a technical guide to help you migrate data from Asset Manager to
AMX. You can download the content (
AM to AMX data migration package 1.0
) from 
Micro Focus
 
Marketplace
.
Currently, the following record types, organized by business modules, can be migrated:
Contract: Contract
Financial: Budget, Budget Line, Budget Center, Budget Type, Cost Center, Cost Type, Fiscal Year, Accounting Period, Fixed
Asset
Procurement: Vendor Catalog, Catalog Items, Vendor, Brand
SACM and SAM: Asset Model, Actual Service, Device, Infrastructure Peripheral, License, Stock Room
Master Data: User, Group, Location
Service Management
This release introduces the following enhancements for Service Management.
Native SACM
Now, the default depth of displaying the CI topology is changed from 5 to 1 so that the topology widget only displays CIs
that are directly related.
You can now bulk create/update more than 50 CIs in SMAX.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
111
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.