DND size definitions 
Use the following table to calculate your DND deployment size. Note that this table applies to one DND instance. If you will
enable DND for multiple tenants (one DND Instance per tenant), you need to calculate the deployment size of each individual
DND instance. 
DND
deployment
size
Small
Medium
Large
Notes
Number of
cloud
subscriptions
per hour
30
60
-
The numbers in the table are approximate for a given deployment environment,
but not exact. For example, a Small environment may only create 5 offerings, or
10 per category, although the table lists a representative number of 20. In your
anticipated environment, you may find the expected numbers of tenants to span
multiple profile definitions (for example, the number of active subscriptions may
fit the Small deployment, while the number of offerings may fit the Medium
profile). In such a case, select the profile that seems most representative of your
anticipated environment, with the number of total subscriptions of particular
importance. The sizing configuration is based on the results of performance lab
tests in these deployment environments. In general, you should find the need to
tune the configuration parameters after the installation, as you can manually
scale the components as needed, to support the size of the environment you have
specified.
Number of
active
subscriptions
1,000
7,500
-
Number of
canceled
subscriptions
10,000
50,000
-
Number of
offerings per
category
20
20
-
Total number
of designs
35
75
-
CGRO size definitions
The sizing for CGRO primarily relies on the volume of billing data under management. This, of course, increases with the
number of tenants, yet each tenant may have significantly different volumes of data. CGRO runs a single set of Kubernetes
pods for all tenants and doesn't require extra instances per tenant.
The volume of billing data most directly affects the amount of database storage needed in Vertica. However, processing the
data also consumes CPU and memory. CGRO scales vertically, so increasing the size (CPU/memory) for workers is an effective
strategy for larger volumes of data. Adding extra workers can help when insufficient resources are available in a small worker
pool. Keep in mind that adding multiple worker nodes specifically for CGRO isn't effective.
Use the number of tenants and an estimation of an average monthly data volume for cloud billing records as a proxy to select
between Small, Medium, and Large deployment sizes. Regard the accompanying Vertica database as independent of the base
deployment sizes and adjust it to accommodate the data volume. Said another way, a single-tenant deployment may run in a
small Kubernetes cluster, yet still require a large amount of storage for data in Vertica. The following table is a rough
guideline. 
Number of CGRO Tenants
Average Monthly Data
Profile
1–3
<15 million records
Small
4–7
15–50 million records
Medium
> 7
>50 million records
Large
The size of the Vertica storage should be able to accommodate the desired volume of cloud billing data that you would like to
store. Keep in mind that Vertica sizing is dependent on:
the amount of historical data. AWS keeps billing data in perpetuity; Azure, for 3 years. More Vertica storage is necessary
when longer history exists. For example, use a 6x, 12x, 36x or even larger (for AWS) multiplier (against the average
monthly data size) to estimate the needed Vertica space.
the volume of cloud activity. For example, provisioning hundreds of EC2 instances per hour on a regular basis will require
more storage than more limited usage.
Operations Orchestration size definition
The OO sizing is measured by the number of tenants you want to deploy.
To deploy OO for a 5-tenant support, use the 
oo_size_values.yaml
 file provided 
here
.
To deploy OO for a 20-tenant support, use the 
oo_size_values.yaml
 file provided 
here
.
Calculate your hardware requirements
Calculate your hardware requirements according to your deployment option and deployment size. 
Hardware requirements for option 1  (SMA) 
See 
Hardware requirements for option 1
.  
Hardware requirements for option 2 (SMA + SAM + CMS) 
See 
Hardware requirements for option 2
. 
Hardware requirements for option 3 (SMA + DND + OO + CGRO)
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
548
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.