Now that I've defined the high-level service definition, I want to get started on defining what makes up each implementation of
the Email service. Service Management Automation X allows me to define this in different stages:
Actual service – The instance of a service in our environment. You might only have one instance of a service in the
environment, or there might be multiple implementations. For our Email service, we have two separate systems we use to
support multiple locations.
Service component – One or more components required to support an actual service
System element – One or more elements required to support a service component
I know enough to put together the high-level components and elements by myself. There is an additional level of definition
below the system element which comprises the actual devices that make up the components and elements. It will be
important to go back and define those devices, but I can get started with what I know right now. In fact, I could just define my
actual services to get started, but I'll put in everything I know about the system right now.
We have two Email services in operation right now; one in North America and another that covers our EMEA region. Each of
these is a unique instance of the Email service (making each of them an “actual service”), so I'll define each one separately.
The components of each are identical, but we named them in a way that specifies which actual service they belong to. When I
am entering these into Service Management Automation X, I'll relate each piece to the correct actual service. In other words,
I'll first create the “North America Email“ actual service under the “Email Service” service definition. Then I'll create each of its
service components from that actual service as related CIs (configuration items).
Finally, I'll create the system elements for each service component, again as related CIs. In this way, I'll create two separate
actual services, each with their own hierarchy of supporting components and elements underneath. This will give our IT
department a clear definition of what makes up the service we are supporting. We can think of this as the internal
representation of our service.
Here's a quick sketch of what makes up our two services:
North America Email Service
EMEA Email Service
As you can see, the structures of the services are identical. The difference in the two services is that each component is now a
unique item or collection of items. While the service definition is an abstraction, the actual services contain specific
components and elements.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
155
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.