Change
The addition, modification or removal of anything that could affect on IT services.
The scope should include changes to all architectures, processes, tools, metrics, and documentation, as well as changes to IT
services and other CIs.
Change Advisory Board (CAB)
A group of people that advises the Change Manager in the assessment, prioritization, and scheduling of Changes.
This board is usually made up of representatives from all areas within the IT organization, the business, and third parties
such as suppliers.
Change analytics
An analysis of change management KPI performance. The change analytics feature:
Displays a graphical analysis.
Offers insights based on the available data, and suggestions for improvements in change management.
Can be configured to help sharpen the analysis.
Change approver
A change management default role: the person who evaluates and authorizes (or rejects) a request for change.
Change assignee
A Change Management default role: the person responsible for an assigned change.
Change calendar
The change calendar displays changes and time periods, and allows you to view, schedule, and manage changes in a Gantt
chart. Each change record also includes an individual Change Calendar, displayed in the Schedule tab of the record.
Change category
A change category is assigned to a change record to classify change records. The change category affects the availability of
change models for selection.
Cost center
A cost center is a business unit that's only responsible for the costs that it incurs. The cost center is the main dimension to
aggregate the actual cost. Its performance is usually measured through the comparison between the incurred and budgeted
costs.
Change coordinator
A change management default role: the person who coordinates all requests for changes throughout their lifecycle.
Change management
The process responsible for controlling the lifecycle of all changes, enabling beneficial changes to be made with minimal
disruption to IT Services.
The ITIL term for the process of controlling changes to an organization's infrastructure to minimize the disruption of
services.
The application used to request, manage, approve, and control changes to an organization's infrastructure.
A change generally affects multiple users or business units. Examples include changes to the network environment, facilities,
or telephony. For user requests for products and services, refer to Request Management.
Change manager
A change management default role: the person who manages changes and functions as the point of escalation.
Change model
A repeatable way of dealing with a particular kind of change.
A change model may be very complex, with many steps requiring authorization. For example, a major software release. Or a
change model may be simple, with no authorization required. For example, a password reset.
When a new change record is created, the selection of a Service Management change model pre-populates fields, and may
create the tasks necessary to complete a change request.
Change owner
A change management default role: the person who reviews and manages assigned changes.
Change phase
The change workflow is the end-to-end process from the change creation to the change closure. The workflow is determined by
the change type (Standard, Normal, or Emergency) and consists of metaphases. Each metaphase has one or more subordinate
phases. A change record life cycle consists of progress through change phases.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
520
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.