There’s quite a lot of useful functionality in the discussions tab, which we’ll get to later. If you are eager to discover more head
over to the 
discussions page
 in the online help.
Once our knowledge contributor has finished incorporating the reviewers’ comments into the article, they can move it into the
'Publish' phase.
In the 'Publish' phase, the knowledge manager makes one last review of the content and adds any necessary information to
the article such as the date it should first become available. At this point, the article is ready to be published and consumed by
our users, but there is one last important decision the knowledge manager has to make — to publish the article as an internal
or external one.
Consumption
Articles in the 'Consumption' phase are now available for user searches or automatic news displays. There are two ways that
the article can be consumed, internally or externally, as determined by the action our knowledge manager took at the end of
the 'Publish' step. Each of these is represented as separate phases in the 'Consumption' step ('Internal' and 'External').
Internal articles are only available to our agents, which you’ll remember are the actual behind-the-lines IT personnel (for the
most part anyway). Publishing articles internally is meant for those bits of information that either assist the agents in providing
a specific service (or part of a service), or perhaps some information on how to consume a specific service (or part of) that
might be too technical (or messy) for the end user to tackle on their own.
External articles are available to both our agents and the end users. End users will consume this knowledge through the
Service Management Automation Service Portal.
So just remember that external articles are available to everyone (everyone who fits the entitlement requirements anyway),
while internal articles are only available to our agents.
Retirement
When a knowledge or news article has outlived its usefulness it's archived (which is the only phase of the 'Retirement' step).
Archived knowledge doesn't show up for any user searches for articles or automatic displays of news. Instead of being deleted,
however, the article remains archived — where an agent can "reopen" it by moving it back into the draft step, restarting the
entire process.
Using Knowledge in Service Management Automation X
Putting all of our Knowledge into Service Management Automation X won't make a difference if our users don’t see it.
Thankfully, the system provides multiple ways of accessing and presenting this Knowledge. Many of these methods are even
baked directly into the process flow, so our users can take advantage of our information without having to go out of their way
to find it.
Let’s take a look at how the system presents users with knowledge in different situations.
News Articles in the Service Management Automation Service Portal
When an end user logs on to the Service Portal, important news articles are immediately provided on the right-hand side of the
interface.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
181
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.