CONTENTSTORE
Content Store
Indicates it's a DND Content Store role, which is used to access the 
Content
Management
 area of DND. 
OO
Operation
Orchestration
(OO) 
Indicates it's a role for access to OO Containerized, which is a standalone
application that either works with DND or integrates with SMAX. See 
Install OO
Containerized (on-premises)
, 
Install OO Containerized on EKS
, and 
Install OO
Containerized (AKS)
.
AUDIT
Audit
Indicates it's a role for access to Audit.
Application field
value
Capability
Notes
When you save the role, the system automatically prefixes the role with the Application value. For example, 
[ DND ]
Administrator
, or
 [ OO ] Administrators.
For each application, both the 
Code
 and 
Name
 field values must be unique. 
The following are the mappings of role fields in the agent interface and in IdM.
Field in the agent interface
 Field in IdM
Name
Display name
Code*
Name
Application
Application
Groups
Groups don't need an Application attribute because they're associated with roles, which can have different Application values;
however, groups have an "Authorized group" flag, which is automatically turned on when you assign one or more roles to a
group. 
When creating a group for any of the additional capabilities, select the 
Functional
 group type. 
The following are the mappings of group fields in the agent interface and in IdM.
Field in the agent interface
 Field in IdM
User principal name*
Name
Name
Display name
* The 
User principal name
 field doesn't allow space or any of the following special characters: 
@;:=&<>#{}|`^~%'?"/[]
.
When you update an authorized group's properties in the agent interface, the only properties that the system can replicate to
IdM are the group's name, group-role relationships, and group memberships.
Different approaches for managing group memberships
There are two ways for managing memberships for an authorized group: in the agent interface or in IdM.
You manage memberships for a group in IdM when you want to use IdM's group rule feature to dynamically assign a large
number of members to the group for the additional capabilities. Note that you use only IdM's group rule feature to
manage group members
, for other group management tasks, such as creating a group or changing the group name, you
still do these in the agent portal.
You manage memberships for a group in the agent interface when you want to directly assign members to the group.
You can manage some groups in IdM and other groups in the agent interface.
Use the tenant-level 
Group Member Sync flag
 and the group-level 
Pull members from IdM flag
 to control in which system group
memberships are managed.
For groups whose memberships are managed in the agent portal, group-member relationship changes are automatically
replicated to IdM.
For groups whose memberships are managed in IdM, a scheduled job periodically replicates the group-member relationship
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
390
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.