(servers, databases, etc.), but the guests don’t need to know the details about what they are using. In fact, they might change
out the equipment at any time, and the guests wouldn’t even know about it.
When something breaks in the kitchen, the Incident Management process comes into play. If one of the ovens is
malfunctioning, an Incident would be opened (because the goal is to restore normal operation of the cooking service).
Up front, one or more of the customers may have been affected by the problems in the back. Perhaps one of their steaks was
overdone due to the oven cooking at too high of a temperature. When the customer complains, a Support Request would be
opened. This Request would eventually be linked to the Incident related above and would be resolved automatically once the
Incident was closed but is handled as a separate process. In this way the customer has the ability to verify their issue is
actually solved, as well as allowing the process to have its own SLA targets.
While this example might be a bit of a stretch, hopefully it gets the point across. A more detailed explanation of when to use
Request or Incident (and how the two work together) can be found here:  
Request vs. Incident
 
Request and Incident Together
Although Request and Incident are separate processes, SMAX ties them together in numerous ways to allow the IT department
to handle both processes at the same time. This lowers the overall effort needed for every Incident, yet still allows tracking
from both the provider (Incident) and consumer (Request) sides.
With the check of a box, a SMAX agent can automatically create an Incident from a Request. They also have the ability to link
multiple Requests to a single Incident. All of the Requests receive updates based on those made on the Incident, and are
automatically resolved when a solution is given to the Incident. Every end user that reported a problem consuming the service
has the option to accept or reject the solution as well -- all with a single agent working the Incident.
More information on how Request and Incident work well together can be found in 
this chapter
 of the Key Concepts guide.
 
Do not reopen records
The SMAX flows have been designed to guide a process from beginning to end, but you will notice that there are no transitions
to "reopen" a process after it has reached the final phase of the workflow. The final phase of any process should not be
reached until it's clear that the process is completed. Some processes, like the Request process, even have a "User
Acceptance" phase where the end user can confirm whether or not the issue has been taken care of to their satisfaction.
Incidents are "Resolved" and then the solution is affirmed before the process is closed. There should not be any reason to
reopen a process as they should not be "closed" until it's verified that the work is done completely.
There are many sub-process related to the original process -- such as Service Level Agreements, related records, alerts,
notifications, and more -- that would be thrown off by starting the same process over again. Furthermore, reopening a process
can camouflage the true nature of an issue. If an intermittent network issue causes loss of service for an application, but an
Incident is simply reopened every time the issue appears, several problems are caused:
The multiple outage times can't be tracked
The SLA is incorrectly tracked, since the application was not actually down the entire time
The Problem process may not be triggered (where finding multiple Incidents with the same description on the same
service would do so)
To minimize the chances of these problems occurring, the best practice in SMAX is to not restart or reopen processes after
they have been marked as completed. An agent should always start a new process, linking the two processes as related if
necessary.
Configuration
Services and Designing the Service Catalog
One of the primary differences between SMAX and other solutions is that it was designed around services. The most important
step of a successful SMAX implementation is defining the business and infrastructure services that make up your company's IT
portfolio.
The ITIL process documentation defines an IT Service as "a service provided to one or more customers by an IT service
provider." In the real world, it means that any subject of a call, email, or portal request from an end user that IT supports is
part of a IT Service. By clearly defining these services, the IT department can accurately and succinctly define the supported
processes around these services. This will result in a much higher (and faster) return on the investment made in implementing
SMAX.
By creating the list of supported IT Services, the amount of calls or emails pertaining to issues that the Service Desk has no
control over is lowered. This still leaves those requests that might be related to a IT Service that are simply not under the
control of IT. In order to inform the end users about what's available through the Service Desk, as well as to better control and
categorize incoming requests, SMAX allows the definition of specific Offerings under an IT Service. These Offerings make up
what's known as the Service Catalog -- literally a listing of everything the IT Service Desk supports.
The Service Catalog is designed around the service definitions (as the name would suggest). Think about the catalog as the
menu that end users use to "consume" the defined services. And if the users are ordering from a menu, the IT agents are in
the kitchen working to fulfill these requests.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
271
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.