them.
Offerings: End users can only view active and entitled offerings.
Knowledge articles: End users can only view external and active and entitled knowledge articles.
Service Portal also uses a learning feature to provide search results that include offerings used in requests related to the
search query.
Global search in Service Management
As shown in the above table, more record types are searchable in Service Management than in Service Portal. Additionally,
tenant administrators can now enable 
Global search
 for custom or more OOTB record types by configuring index fields.
Agents can view all requests and offerings if they match the keyword and have a high rank, regardless of the 
Requested by
or 
Requested for
 person configured in the ticket.
If a request has lower relevance to keywords in other records (such as Incident), then the request might not show up. This is
because the results will show other record types as well. In other words, higher relevancy matches from other records will
obscure lower-ranked request matches. However, when doing a global search, agents can also specify the record types. If
requests are the desired record type, the agent can indicate this in the search filter.
Search in Live Support
Search in Live Support is designed to help agents search for solutions to resolve a ticket. There are two types of searches on
the live support page:
The upper part allows a database search by selecting a person or a location. In either case, a database query is issued to
select matching requests where the 
Requested by
 or the 
Location
 field matches the search selection value. For
example, if you select a person, you will see a list of recent requests submitted by this person.
The lower part allows an Intelligent Data Operating Layer (IDOL) based search over a limited set of record types. This
search has a lower matching threshold that allows 50 search results, compared with 30 results for global search in Service
Management.
The following table summarizes the differences between these two types of searches:
Filter
Search
Search content
Records in transaction databases
Records indexed by IDOL
Latency
No
The records become searchable right after they're created in the database.
Yes
The records aren't searchable until you create a document index in IDOL.
Search criteria
Structured queries (SQL), most complex and accurate
Keyword-based search
For more information about Live Support search, see 
How to deal with a Live Support call
.
Indexed fields
Only a selected number of fields can be used for keyword-based searches. Currently, these OOTB fields aren't configurable on
UI. However, you can add new index fields to meet your business needs.
Most of the record types indexed in IDOL are searchable by using Title, Description, and ID. Besides these fields, you can also
search different record types with other indexed fields. The following table lists some fields you can use to search certain
record types. Go to Studio for a full list of the indexed fields applicable for each record type.
Record type
Applicable indexed fields
Person
First name
Last name
Name
Employee number
Email
Office phone number
Mobile phone number
Offering
Public comments
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
461
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.