i
. 
Connection Name
 -- Identifier for the AWS integration, e.g., "My AWS DEV Account".
ii
. 
Access Key ID
 -- AWS access key with (at least) read permissions to the S3 bucket storing CUR data.
iii
. 
Secret Access Key
 -- AWS secret access key to pair with the access key ID.
iv
. 
Billing Bucket Name
 -- Name of S3 bucket designated during report creation which stores data.
v
. 
Billing Report Path
 -- Full folder path to S3 bucket specified during CUR report definition.
B
. 
Microsoft Azure:
i
. 
Connection Name
 -- Identifier for the Azure integration, e.g., "My Microsoft EA".
ii
. 
Azure Enrollment Number
 -- Microsoft Enterprise Agreement enrollment number.
iii
. 
Azure Bearer Token
 -- Microsoft EA Reports API Access Key.
5
. 
Check the 
I require a proxy server to connect to this provider
 box to use a proxy server to connect to the cloud
provider. You can either use the system default proxy server (configured in Back Office) or use a custom proxy server
here.
6
. 
Collection History Cutoff
: Optional. By default, all available billing data if fetched from the cloud provider. For Azure,
Microsoft preserves three years of history (dated from present day). For AWS, Amazon introduced Cost and Usage reports
in 2015 and the available data depends when the CUR reports being configured were first created. If, in either case, you
wish to limit the amount of data, select a collection start date so that your collection only gathers data from the specified
date. For example, selecting January 2020 will fetch data from that point to the present day -- and into the future. There is
no end date.
7
. 
Click 
Finish
.
Generate reports
To generate an AWS report
:
1. From the 
Dashboard
, click 
My Dashboard
 and select 
Cost Governance
 under 
Run
.
2. Under 
AWS Reports 
in the left pane, click the required option. For information on the options, see 
Reports
overview
 below.
The report appears in the right pane.
Reports overview
The AWS report, at a higher level, is classified as below. Based on what option you select, you can further drill down to analyze
your cloud spends.
Overall
EC2 compute
RDS
S3 Storage
Overall
Provides a summary of cloud spends, based on the following:
Spend by product
This report provides a view of the spend for each type of Amazon Product. This report can help you determine which products
comprise the majority of the spend for a given period and how the trend of spend for a product varies over time. Amazon
Products appear in the legend in descending order of spend.
Spend by region
This report provides a view of the spend for each Amazon region. Regions reported as Not Applicable are typically tax-related
fees not tied to a specific Region. Amazon pricing varies by region. This report can help you see in which regions most of the
spend is incurred and may help reveal possibilities for cost saving by switching to a cheaper region. Amazon regions appear in
the legend in descending order of spend.
Spend by usage account ID
This report provides a view of the spend for each Amazon Account ID. Accounts may be management accounts or member
accounts. This report can help you see for which accounts most of the spend is incurred. Amazon Account IDs appear in the
legend in descending order of spend.
EC2 compute reports
Provides information on EC2 compute instances based on the following metrics.
Instances by Instance Type
This report provides a view of the number of Amazon EC2 compute instances created in a given period, grouped by Instance
Type. Amazon pricing varies significantly by Instance Type. This report can help you see which Instance Types are created the
most in your organization and may help reveal possibilities for cost saving by switching to a cheaper Instance Type. Instance
Types appear in the legend in descending order of the number of instances of that type that were created.
Instances by purchase option
This report provides a view of the number of Amazon EC2 compute instances created in a given period, grouped by Purchase
Option. Amazon pricing varies significantly by Purchase Option. This report can help you see which Purchase Options were
used the most in your organization and may help reveal possibilities for cost saving by switching to a cheaper Purchase
Option. Purchase Options appear in the legend in descending order of the number of instances of that option that were
created.
Spend by instance type
This report provides a view of the spend associated with the Amazon EC2 compute instances, grouped by Instance Type.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
511
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.