System requirements
The Kubernetes instance embedded in OPTIC Management Toolkit (OMT) is also known as the "embedded Kubernetes." When
planning a new installation or an upgrade of an existing deployment that uses the embedded Kubernetes, review the following
support matrix information.
Compute environments
You can deploy the OPTIC Management Toolkit (OMT) cluster in the following computing environments.
Bare metal
See below for the supported operating systems.
Hypervisors
Virtualization – see below
Virtual Machine host operating systems - see below
Virtualization support
VMware ESXi 6.5, 6.7, and 7.0. Updates to these versions are supported. 
Microsoft Hyper-V on Windows Server 2016, Microsoft Hyper-V Server 2016, Windows Server 2019, and Microsoft Hyper-V
Server 2019. Updates to these versions are supported. 
Operating systems
The control plane and worker node hosts must use the same operating system. OMT supports the following operating systems.
Operating system
Architecture type
Versions
Red Hat Enterprise Linux
x86_64
7.9, 8.4, 8.6
CentOS
x86_64
7.9
Oracle Linux
x86_64
7.9, 8.5, 8.6
Ensure that 
bash
 and 
openssl
 are installed in the operating system.
Network identification
OMT supports IPv4 (host names must also resolve to IPv4 addresses). IPv6 isn't supported (host names can't resolve to
IPv6 addresses).
Static IP addresses: each node must have a static IP address while you reboot, stop, start, or restart the node.
If you are configuring high availability, which requires multiple control plane nodes, you must set up one of the following:
Load balancer
: Configure a load balancer that's separate from the OMT environment to serve as the external
access host.
HA virtual IP
: Assign an extra IPv4 address to use as the virtual IP. You may need to contact your IT administrator to
add a DNS entry for this IP. Its FQDN is used as the external access host. OMT uses the Keepalived high availability
Important
: Always follow the installation instructions and install the 
latest
 version of the suite. If you have a
reason to install an older release, please contact 
Micro Focus Product Management
. 


Important
: Not all of the above versions support all of the Linux distributions and versions that OMT supports.
You must make sure that the version of the virtualization platform you will use supports the specific Linux version
that you will use. To do this, refer to the following ESXi and Microsoft websites:
For ESXi: 
https://www.vmware.com/resources/compatibility/search.php?deviceCategory=software
For Hyper-V: 
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/virtualization/hyper-v/supported-oracle-linux-
virtual-machines-on-hyper-v
Note
: VMware is the only validated platform. Other virtualization platforms (such as Hyper-V) are technically
supported but haven't been validated by 
Micro Focus
. When using VMware to deploy the suite, don't allow
automated migration for virtual machines hosting the suite, to avoid unexpected downtime. For more information,
see 
Configure DRS for virtual machines hosting the suite
.


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
556
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.