Time.
When we look at the incident itself, we can see how the service agreement is being used by looking at the 'Targets' tab. From
here we can see everything we need regarding the agreements, including:
A summary of each service level target type (initial review & resolution) comprising
The current status of each target (Active, Breached, or Achieved)
The Target date which needs to be met in order to achieve each target
The Elapsed duration of each specific type (how much time has already been used)
The target duration of each type (the total time allowed)
The date at which the target was achieved (if we met the target)
The next target time that will occur for this Incident
The overall status of the incident regarding the targets (active, breached, or achieved)
At the top of the Incident is an indicator of how long until the next target time, or how far in the past it was if we missed it. So
now if we pulled the ticket up just after it was opened we would see the target date for Initial review is 8:10 a.m. and the
target for resolution is 9:00 a.m.
For each target type, the system will send alert messages to the assigned group (or groups) when 50%, 75%, and 90% of the
target time has passed. Here, everyone was too busy watching cat videos on the Internet an no one categorized and assigned
the ticket in time. Even though the service desk received an email at 8:05, 8:07 (and 30 seconds), and 8:09.
At 8:10, because the Incident had not yet been categorized, the Initial review target was breached. The system will email the
assigned group (or groups) with this information, and mark the overall status of the incident as breached (if any targets are
breached then the incident has breached the service agreement).
However, the incident is still out there and we have another target to meet. The next target time of the incident will now
reflect the resolution target of 9:00 a.m. Again, reminder emails will be sent out at 8:30 (50%), 8:45 (75%), and 8:54 (90%).
Our crack team finds the issue and resolves the incident at 8:50 a.m. (so the third email reminder was never sent). Now if we
look at the targets we see that the resolution target has a status of 'Achieved' and the achievement date is today at 8:50.
We notice that the overall status is still 'Breached'”, as again if any target is breached the overall status of the Incident will
also be 'Breached'.
Example #2: Service Request
In this scenario, an end user requested the 'New Sharepoint Site' offering from the Service Management Automation Service
Portal. This offering is linked to a Service agreement which has an associated target set. The targets are set as follows:
Approval (all priorities) has a target of 2 hours
Fulfillment (all priorities) has a target of 4 hours
Let’s say the request is made at 9:00 a.m. The approval target is now set at 11:00 a.m. The fulfillment target, however, isn't
set to anything yet. Why? Well, the Fulfillment target is measured by the time the approval has been completed and the end of
the 'Fulfillment' step. Since the request has not completed the 'Approval' step yet, the timer has not started.
While we are waiting for the approval to happen, one thing to note is that there are automatically generated reminders sent to
the approvers already, so no extra notifications are sent by the SLA processing.
The Approval is completed at 10:00 a.m., so we have achieved the approval target. Now the fulfillment target starts, and we
have four hours (until 2:00 p.m.) to get it completed. For the fulfillment target, we have the reminders sent at 12:00 noon
(50%), 1:00 p.m. (75%) and 1:36 p.m. (90%) to the assigned group.
The fulfillment is completed at 1:30 p.m., so the fulfillment target is also achieved. This means the overall status of the
incident will also be 'Achieved'.
Prioritizing Work using Service Targets
One of the most useful things that our agreements give us is a method for our agents to prioritize their work. Instead of relying
on the request or incident priority, instructing our agents to use the next SLT target time field results in better handling of their
work queues. They simply need to work on the item with the next SLT target time that will expire the quickest.
Why is this better than using priority? Well, let’s say there we have a few incidents out there for each priority (critical, high,
medium, and low). If we only work on the highest priority first, and new incidents are coming in, some of which are critical or
high priority, then the medium and low priority incidents may never get worked on (or at least not for a long time). And don’t
forget that not all high priority Incidents are equal! If our Payroll service is down, it's much more important than our Room
Reservation service (at least to me it is) — leading to different targets between the two services.
If we teach our agents to look at the next SLT target time, a medium priority incident that has been open for a few days will
work its way to the top of the list so that the agent will work on it before we breach the service agreement.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
189
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.