OO Primary output
The primary output is the output used to populate the step's primary result. The primary output supplies a value to an input
whose assignment is the 
Previous Step’s Result
.
Operational Level Agreement (OLA)
An agreement between an IT service provider and another part of the same organization. It supports the IT service provider’s
delivery of IT services to customers and defines the goods or services to be provided and the responsibilities of both parties.
For example, there could be an operational level agreement:
Between the IT service provider and a procurement department to obtain hardware in agreed times
Between the service desk and a support group to provide incident resolution in agreed times.
Operational report
Reports that reflect real-time data for a record type. They are generated on the fly and don't count toward the tenant's report
quota.
Order record
A record that defines basic ordering information such as assignee, vendor, required dates, coordinator and description. An
order doesn't contain detailed parts information.
P
Phase
Phases and metaphases reflect the stages of a workflow. The phases are connected by transitions.
Post Implementation Review (PIR)
A PIR is a formal project review used to answer the question: "Did we achieve what we set out to do and, if not, what should be
done?" For major changes, there can be several PIRs scheduled over time. A PIR checks whether benefits have been achieved
and identifies opportunities for further improvement. Without a PIR, you can't effectively demonstrate that your investment
was worthwhile.
Priority
A category used to identify the relative importance of an incident, problem or change. Priority is based on impact and urgency,
and is used to identify required times for actions to be taken. For example, the service level agreement may state that Priority
2 incidents must be resolved within 12 hours.
In Service Management, priority is determined by the average of the impact and urgency.
Proactive problem management
Part of the problem management process. The objective of proactive problem management is to identify problems that might
otherwise be missed. Proactive problem management analyzes incident records and uses data collected by other IT service
management processes to identify trends or significant problems.
Problem
A cause of one or more incidents. The cause isn't usually known at the time a problem record is created, and the problem
management process is responsible for further investigation.
Problem management
The process responsible for managing the lifecycle of all problems. Problem management proactively prevents incidents from
happening and minimizes the impact of incidents that can't be prevented.
Problem record
A record containing the details of a problem. Each problem record documents the lifecycle of a single problem.
Process
A structured set of activities designed to accomplish a specific objective. A process takes one or more defined inputs and turns
them into defined outputs. It may include any of the roles, responsibilities, tools and management controls required to reliably
deliver the outputs. A process may define policies, standards, guidelines, activities and work instructions if they are needed.
Production environment
A controlled environment containing live CIs used to deliver IT services to customers.
Project and Portfolio Management (PPM)
PPM is a term used by project managers and project management organizations to describe methods for analyzing and
collectively managing a group of current or proposed projects. Each project is based on several key characteristics. The
primary objective of the PPM process is to determine the optimal mix and sequencing of proposed projects to best achieve the
overall goal. This is typically expressed in terms of economic measures, business strategy goals, or technical strategy goals
while honoring constraints imposed by management or external real-world factors. Typical attributes of projects analyzed in a
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
528
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.