Installation Overview and Checklist
This page provides an overview of installation tasks. Carefully review and follow the instructions in all sections in this topic.
Important Notes
Vertica supports only one running database per cluster.
Vertica supports installation on one, two, or multiple nodes. The steps for 
Installing Vertica
 are the same, no matter how
many nodes are in the cluster.
Prerequisites listed in 
Before You Install Vertica
 are required for all Vertica configurations.
Only one instance of Vertica can be running on a host at any time.
To run the 
install_vertica
 script, as well as adding, updating, or deleting nodes, you must be logged in as root, or sudo as a
user with all privileges. You must run the script for all installations, including upgrades and single-node installations.
Installation Scenarios
The four main scenarios for installing Vertica on hosts are:
A single node install, where Vertica is installed on a single host as a 
localhost
 process. This form of install cannot be
expanded to more hosts later on and is typically used for development or evaluation purposes.
Installing to a cluster of physical host hardware. This is the most common scenario when deploying Vertica in a testing or
production environment.
Installing on Amazon Web Services (AWS). You can install by creating a Vertica cluster using a CloudFormation template
and step-by-step wizards in MC, or manually deploy using an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) where Vertica is installed
when you create your instances. 
Eon Mode databases
 are currently only supported on AWS resources. For the AWS-
specific installation procedure, see 
Deploy AWS Instances for your Vertica Database Cluster
.
Installing to a local cluster of virtual host hardware. Also similar to installing on physical hosts, but with network
configuration differences.
Before You Install
Before You Install Vertica
 describes how to construct a hardware platform and prepare Linux for Vertica installation.
These preliminary steps are broken into two categories:
Configuring Hardware and Installing Linux
Configuring the Network
Install or Upgrade Vertica
Once you have completed the steps in the 
Before You Install Vertica
 section, you are ready to run the install script.
Installing Vertica
 describes how to:
Back up any existing databases.
Download and install the Vertica RPM package.
Install a 
cluster
 using the 
install_vertica
 script.
[Optional] 
Create a properties file
 that lets you install Vertica silently.
This guide provides additional 
manual procedures
 in case you encounter installation problems.
Upgrading Vertica
 describes how to upgrade to a more recent version of the software.
If you are upgrading your Vertica license, refer to 
Managing Licenses
 in the Administrator's Guide.
Post-Installation Tasks
After You Install Vertica
 describes subsequent steps to take after you've run the installation script. Some of the steps can be
skipped based on your needs:
Install the license key.
Verify that kernel and user parameters are correctly set.
Install the vsql client application on non-cluster hosts.
Resolve any SLES 11.3 issues during spread configuration.
Use the Vertica documentation online, or download and install Vertica documentation. Find the online documentation and
documentation packages to download at 
http://www.vertica.com/docs
.
Install client drivers.
Extend your installation with Vertica packages.
Install
 or 
upgrade
 the Management Console.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
593
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.