HR Support Workflow
Not everyone calls the Service Desk with an IT related question. Over time, we have seen more and more requests coming in
for services provided by Human Resources. Luckily, Service Management Automation X’s request module has a process that
caters exclusively to these types of requests. This allows our organization to integrate its HR operations as a part of request
management, benefiting from a familiar data structure, workflow, reports, and so on.
We can configure and manage our HR support requests separately from Service Catalog processes and streamline processes
that don't require approval or validation.
Classification
HR support workflow provides both the 'Log' and 'Classify' phases, which operate similarly to the same phases in the support
workflow. In these phases, the service desk agent ensures that the request is entered correctly, and assigns it to an agent or a
group.
Fulfillment
In the 'Process' phase, the assigned agent performs the actions needed to complete the Request. This often involves specific
tasks associated with the request, which may be handled by a different agent (or HR representative in this case). Once they
complete the actions, the agent provides a solution and completion code and closes the Request.
Validation
The 'Validation' step is the same as the other request workflows. The end user is emailed to determine whether the Request
was completed successfully.
If that wasn’t detailed enough for you, check out the full descriptions of the 
service request workflows
 online.
Cart Workflow
The Request module has a special workflow for shopping cart requests. For these requests, SMAX creates a single request that
handles the overall approval, and then a separate request for each item added to the cart. The first request uses the cart
workflow.
Until the first request reaches the 'Close phase, all child requests will remain in their own 'Log' phase.
Classification
The system processes the 'Log' phase with no input from the agent. Its only function is to determine if there are any needed
approvals or not. If there are, the request proceeds to the 'Approval' step. If not, it processes to the 'Done' step.
Approval
In the 'Approve' phase, the system processes all necessary approvals. This works identically to the 'Approval' step in a service
workflow.
Once the cart request is completed, the child requests may be processed.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
172
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.