Key concepts
Meet Glenn.
Glenn is the newly appointed administrator for a new implementation of the Service Management Automation X (SMAX)
product at his company, 
ACME Products Inc
. 
ACME 
provides widgets for many other companies and handles shipping them
worldwide from a number of locations.
ACME
 has grown over the years, and the number of systems it needs to ensure the delivery of its widgets has grown as well.
Additionally, the company has invested in internal products to help it run smoothly. This growth has resulted in the need for IT
to run in an agile and streamlined manner, which was one of the biggest reasons for 
ACME 
to go with SMAX.
Join us as we follow the implementation process that Glenn uses to get Service Management Automation X up and running. We
will document how the system is designed to meet the continuing demands of the company to offer the best service to their
customers.
We will be focusing on the decisions that Glenn makes that result in a quick and efficient implementation. This involves an
iterative approach to problem solving and delivering value quickly, then circling back and adding additional value and deeper
process definitions. We can watch as the system evolves over time from simple call center processes to a fully functional
service desk that includes all facets of IT management (and possibly beyond).
We also offer a simple checklist of the tasks Glenn will perform to implement Service Management Automation X. If you would
like to use this checklist as a template for your own implementation, you can find it 
here
.
This guide encompasses the Service Management applications inside of SMAX, including Service Request,
Incident, Change, and many others. Join implementer Glenn Walker as he learns what functionality is available in
SMAX, investigating the "what" and "why" aspects of the product rather than the "how".
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
146
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.