OMT enterprise readiness whitepaper
OPTIC Management Toolkit provides the necessary tooling for installing and running containerized ITOM applications on
Kubernetes.
The installation and deployment of ITOM Suites in an IT environment has been traditionally very complex and expensive to
setup and operate, involving different IT teams, including infrastructure, network, storage, and virtualization groups as well as
additional resources, such as professional services. You would also expect spending additional time for post-deployment
activities such as product-to-product integrations, and licensing activities. Upgrades have also been very slow to be adopted
with very large regression cycles gated by many environments and processes, impacting final delivery of updates into
production.
By building a new and agile software delivery platform, alongside a modernized software, the OPTIC Management Toolkit
allows customers to install pre-integrated, feature-rich ITOM applications. Not only day 1 operations are smoother due to the
nature of a container based infrastructure, containerization allows for easier download, deployment and operation of
subsequent upgrades.
The distribution unit of the software delivery is a container. Micro Focus is able to standardize on deployment, upgrade and
patching, scaling and rollback of ITOM applications and accelerate delivery of our innovative quality software.
Intended audience
This information is intended for IT Operations Management administrators, solutions architects and integrators, software
administrators, virtual infrastructure administrators, and operations engineers, deploying, operating, scaling or building
solutions around the Micro Focus ITOM applications.
Disclaimer
Within the IT Operations Management portfolio, some ITOM applications may not support all features described in this
whitepaper. We recommend you first review your application support matrix to ensure maximum and accurate compatibility
before proceeding with any environment changes.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
400
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.