Change: ActualDowntimeDuration, ActualDuration, ScheduledDowntimeDuration, and ScheduledDuration
Limitation
: When reports of a pie/column/bar type are exported to a PDF, some fields are still displayed as a numeric value in
the old format.
Reduced downtime during suite binary upgrade
The downtime is significantly reduced during the suite binary upgrade process. This is achieved by creating another set of
temporary replica pods for certain deployments to take over the work from the original pods before upgrading them. All of the
temporary pods remain at the old version (2019.08) to keep the services running, and when all of the original pods have been
updated to the new version (2019.11), they take back over the work from the temporary pods, which are then deleted. This
enhancement has been implemented for the following deployments, which have a large number of API calls between each
other:
itom-xruntime-serviceportal
itom-xruntime-gateway
itom-xruntime-ui
itom-xruntime-platform
Operating system support
This release adds support of the following operating systems:
CentOS 7.7, 8.0
RHEL 7.7, 8.0
OEL 7.7, 8.0
Note
: CentOS/RHEL/OEL 7.4 is no longer supported.
SAM solution
The new SAM solution retrieves software installation and license data from CMS and SMAX. SAM helps calculate and analyze
software license compliance. It provides information such as license compliance status, licenses consumed per machine,
license allocation, compliance risks to your enterprise, and potential cost savings.
This release of SAM introduces the following features and capabilities:
Display and analyze compliance status of the deployed software
Support the following out-of-the-box license rules:
Microsoft: Windows Server, SQL Server, Office 365
Oracle: Oracle Database with Options and Management Packs (based on Oracle LMS)
Provide license rule SDK for customization
Retrieve the hardware and software CI inventory directly from CMS and retrieve license data directly from SMAX in real
time
Note
: To enable SAM for multiple tenants, you must deploy different SAM environments for different tenants.
For more information, see 
Deploy SAM
 and 
Software Asset Management
.
2019.08
SMAX 2019.08 introduces the following new features and enhancements.
Service Portal enhancements
Subscriptions can be automatically created as part of the request fulfillment process, simplifying ongoing management and
related requests via the self-service portal.
The display of those subscriptions has been enhanced: When you have multiple subscriptions on the same service, device, or
infrastructure, all subscriptions will be listed under 
Service and Assets
 in Service Portal. The display label of each
subscription will be shown instead of the name of service, device, or infrastructure.
Smart virtual agent enhancement
Tenant administrators can enable the smart virtual agent in 
Application settings
.
Using entity link user options in DSL expressions
You can use entity link user options in complex DSL expressions to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of SMAX. For more
information, see 
Use entity link user options in DSL expressions
.
Enhanced upgrade process
Decoupled the CDF upgrade process, allowing you to lower infrastructure upgrade risks while focusing on suite application
added-value instead
Ability to remove older image versions before and after upgrade by using the 
clean_images.sh
 script to reclaim disk space
During the suite version update, you have the option to keep your resource settings (CPU, memory, and replicas) for
Deployments, StatefulSets, and DaemonSets that you used in the previous version, to save your performance tuning
effort.
Installation process enhancements
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
126
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.