debug and track the fulfillment steps of their Test Deployment Instance by accessing the events, view the cause of failure, and
link detailed Operations Orchestration flow. See 
Service design deployments
 and 
Service Instance management
.
Pause on success
This release introduces the 
Pause on Successful Completion 
option which, can be used to pause the lifecycle execution
when an action is successfully completed. An operator can resume the lifecycle execution using the user interface or by
invoking an API. You can enable this option in the lifecycle action wizard of Service Design, Component Template, and
Resource Offering. For more information on how to enable the option, refer to the following documents.  
For Service Design - 
Lifecycle action selection wizard for service design
 and 
Action selection wizard for service design
. 
For Component Template - 
Lifecycle action selection wizard for component template
 and 
Action selection wizard for
component template
. 
For Resource Offering - 
Lifecycle action selection wizard for resource offering
 and 
Action selection wizard for resource
offering
. 
For more information on how to resume the lifecycle execution, see 
Service Instance Management
.
Cost Governance and Resource Optimization
You can gain visibility into cloud spend by filtering the data based on the preferred date range. See 
Showback Reports
, for
more information on how to set the date range.
Content Management
From this release:
The OOTB capsules will appear in Content Store after you enable DND. See 
Content Management
The Content Store API now includes Uninstall API, which you can use to uninstall any existing capsule in the Content Store
UI. See 
Content Store API
.
Cloud Management capsules and content packs
This release introduces the following new features and enhancements for these out of the box (OOTB) capsules and content
pack:
Google GCP capsule 2.3.3
You can use the Google GCP capsule to create databases (MySQL, Postgres, and SQL server) in GCP.
Microsoft Azure capsule 18.7.0
While creating VMs in Linux using the Microsoft Azure capsule, you can choose between username/password based and SSH
key based authentication types. 
Microsoft Azure Load Balancer
 and 
Microsoft Azure Database Management
 resource
offerings now point to the correct resource category.
Capsule Amazon AWS 18.4.1
You now have the option to choose the providers in the 
AWS RDS Advanced User
 service design. 
Amazon RDS Database
Provision
 resource offering now points to the correct resource category (Database). Resource sync now fetches the latest
RDS DB Engine (MySQL, Oracle Database Standard Edition, Oracle Database Enterprise Edition, and Postgres) versions.
OO Cloud Content 2.11.4
Describe DB Engine Versions
 operation is added to the Amazon folder and this fetches the latest RDS DB Engine
versions. 
Get SSH Public Key Info 
and
 List SSH Public Keys by Subscription 
workflows are added to Microsoft
Azure Compute folder. 
Undeploy VM
 workflow in the Microsoft Azure Compute folder is now modified with the logic to delete
OS and data disks and 
Delete Disk
 workflow is added to help delete a specified disk.
See 
Content Management
 for the complete list of OOTB capsules and content packs.
Mobile app
This release introduces the following new features and enhancements for the mobile app. 
If you add some help text to a user option in Service Management, the mobile app can also display the help text.
The mobile app supports the full set of 
Unicode emoji
 for both Service Portal mode and Agent mode.
The common scenarios where emoji are leveraged:
When a Service Portal user submits a request, adds comments or chats with a virtual agent, emoji can be copied into
and displayed in text fields.
When an Agent user edits a record, emoji can be copied into and displayed in the text field.
Agent mode
The agent mode of the mobile app is now available as Early Access for both iOS and Android devices.
iOS
The Home page is introduced in the Agent interface for quick access to My Requests, My Group Requests, My Tasks and
My Group Tasks pages.
Besides the image files, now you can also preview the text files from the Attachments list. In addition, you can now
download and share all types of files from the Attachments list.
Android
Agent users can switch to the agent interface and manage the requests after the agent mode is enabled in 
Application
Settings
 and mobile request forms are configured.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
115
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.