Click Save to keep the configuration settings. The OPB will then connect to OO and run a Sync Task. This will allow SMAX to see
all the OO flows that are configured within OO. When creating an Automated Task within SMAX it will be able to search OO for
the correct flow which will be required.
Using SMAX with OO
In this example, we’ll set up a simple OO flow and then create an Offering in SMAX to allow a user to request a Password
Reset. This will then trigger the OO flow that has been created and show the time that can be saved using automation within
the ITOM tools. The scenario will also capture if the request is unsuccessful and generate an incident within SMAX.
To create this scenario, these instructions assume you have access to the Postgres Database server that is used for SMAX. If
not, then it might be worth creating a PostgreSQL DB to follow this example through.
Create OO Flow
Within OO Studio make sure the following Content Packs have been installed:
OO Service Management Automation – X Content 3.2.0 to deploy this you also need the below CPs
CSA integrations content pack 4.70 or higher
OO 10-base-cp-1.16.0
These can be downloaded from the 
Micro Focus
 MarketPlace website: 
https://marketplace.microfocus.com/itom/category/operations-orchestration
For this example, the flow will only use 3 steps and have error and success options. The flow will look like below.
In order to create this flow, create a new project and give it a name for example DB Flow. Right Click on Library and create a
new folder called postGres. Right Click on the postGres folder and then click New Flow. Give the flow a name: PG Password
Reset.
A blank workspace will appear.
The first object that needs adding to the flow is SQL Command as this will be the starting point for the flow. In the
Dependencies pane in the bottom left of Studio, expand out the Base 1.16.0 Content pack as shown below.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
334
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.