If you want to use the SSL connection mode for PostgreSQL, you can download a root certificate that works for all AWS
regions. For details, see 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/UsingWithRDS.SSL.html
. You will
need to select the 
Use TLS  connection
 option and upload the certificates during the installation.
You will need to enter the database host, database port, database name, the database admin user who has the
Superuser
 role attribute, and the database login password.
Set up a PostgreSQL database for OMT API Server on the RDS instance
Role
Location
Database administrator
Bastion node
OMT supports both embedded and external PostgreSQL databases for the OMT API Server.
For demonstration purposes only, you can use the embedded API Server database that's created by the installer automatically
during the installation and you do 
NOT 
need to specify the related options while you run the 
install
 command (see 
Deploy
bootstrap
).
In a production environment, we highly recommend that you create an external PostgreSQL database for the OMT API
Server exclusively. To do this, later you will need to specify the related options while you run the 
install
 command (see 
Deploy
bootstrap
).
Follow the steps below to set up the non-public schema external PostgreSQL database, as OMT doesn't support public schema
for the external PostgreSQL database. This requires database administrator credentials.
1
. 
Prepare the PostgreSQL admin user you specified when creating RDS in the first section. In the steps below, it's referred
to as 
<postgres_admin>
.
2
. 
If your database server is configured to use SSL, create a copy of the database server certificates in the .pem format. You
will need to select the 
Use SSL connection
 option and upload the certificates during the installation.
3
. 
Log in to the bastion node and then run the following command to connect to the PostgreSQL instance. Replace <postgres
admin> with the actual value.
psql -h <RDSEndpointAddress> -U <postgres_admin> -d postgres
where 
RDSEndpointAddress
 can be collected in the 
Outputs
 of the 
Create an RDS instance
 step.
4
. 
Run the following commands:
CREATE USER cdfapiserver login PASSWORD 'mypassword';
grant cdfapiserver to <postgres admin>;
CREATE DATABASE cdfapiserverdb WITH owner=cdfapiserver;
\c cdfapiserverdb;
ALTER SCHEMA public OWNER TO cdfapiserver;
ALTER SCHEMA public RENAME TO cdfapiserver;
REVOKE ALL ON SCHEMA cdfapiserver from public;
GRANT ALL ON SCHEMA cdfapiserver to cdfapiserver; 
ALTER USER cdfapiserver SET search_path TO cdfapiserver;
The example commands above perform the following operations:
creating an external database and a user for the OMT API Server
changing the public schema and revoking the public role of the database
setting 
search_path
 from public to non-public
In this example,
cdfapiserver
 is the database login user name. Replace it with your actual value. 
mypassword
 is the database login password. Replace it with your actual value. Make sure the password is wrapped
in single quotes.
cdfapiserverdb
 is the database name. Replace it with your actual value. 
5
. 
Make sure the external database is empty, which means the database doesn't contain any database object, such as
tables, procedures, and views.
6
. 
When your database is ready, make a record of the following information. You will need this information during the
installation at the 
Deploy bootstrap
 step.
Database host
Database port
Database name
Database login user/password
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
840
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.