Before you begin
To orchestrate and manage resources efficiently, the suite uses Kubernetes as the platform to provide a reliable approach to
scheduling resources and empower the application to be more fault-tolerant. Cloud-native Kubernetes platforms make
the provisioning and management of Kubernetes much easier. With the cloud-native Kubernetes, the suite can serve
customers in a secure, resilient, and simple way.
On AWS, the cloud-native Kubernetes solution is Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS).
Reference architecture
The following reference architecture can help you get an overview of the process of deploying the suite on EKS.
Benefits of using EKS
EKS provides the following benefits:
There are no more control plane nodes. The cluster has a guaranteed SLA provided by AWS at a lower cost.
Auto Scaling Group is deployed by default, which increases the availability.
Network Load Balancer (NLB) at the Kubernetes level has been removed to reduce cost.
Managed worker nodes enable you to reduce the operational cost of cluster management.
Automated deployment with sliced CloudFormation templates supports your existing AWS infrastructure.
Components
SMA
: the suite product shipped and running in the form of containers and managed by Kubernetes.
Kubernetes
: open-source software that allows you to deploy and manage containerized applications at scale.
Public subnet
: a public subnet is for external-facing resources such as load balancers, bastion nodes, and NAT gateway.
Private subnet
: a private subnet is for internal-facing resources such as EKS worker nodes, databases, and storage.
Bastion node
: a node that sits in a public subnet. It's used to connect to resources in a private subnet such as
Kubernetes, databases, and storage to perform deployment, persistent volume setup, database setup, upgrade,
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
792
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.