Collecting Environment Information
Collecting existing Service Manager environment information
A thorough investigation of the existing Service Manager environment and workflows improve the overall Evolving to
SMAX experience. It is important to remember that this is an evolution and not a copy of the existing product. Understanding
both the current processes as well as the new ones in SMAX is essential in the transformation to the new application.
The following checklist will guide the administrator in gathering the environmental, configuration, integration, and other data
that will help determine the best path to the new SMAX installation.
☐ 
Collect Service Manager details
Service Manager version information:
What are the Runtime Environment and Application versions?
Is the current SM implementation using Process Designer? This is important, as it will trigger different paths
during the data migration.
Modules in use:
Which modules are in use? How are they used? Are any used in unexpected or non-standard ways?
Level of customization:
How much tailoring has been performed? Evolution planning will differ based on how far the current
implementation has digressed from out-of-the-box (OOB) Service Manager.
If the system is close to OOB:
Focus on differences in the Service Manager and SMAX flows and what customizations absolutely
must move to SMAX.
If the system is far away from OOB:
Determine whether a best practice OOB implementation in SMAX is acceptable and/or necessary. If
additional configuration is required to implement necessary requirements, determine the possible
effects to the project cost, timeline, and future upgrades.
Service Manager Instances:
Typical Service Manager environments are split into DEV, TEST and Production systems. Investigate the current
development lifecycle and highlight possible differences in the development lifecycle when using SMAX. The SMAX
Dev2Prod/Package Manager utility may involve changes in the current process. Information on the Dev2Prod utility
may be found here: 
Dev2Prod Utility
Used/Supported Languages:
Identify which languages are actively used in Service Manager and ensure they exist in the SMAX supported
language list. In case a language is not currently supported, proactively determine available options (and the
amount of work needed to add a new language to SMAX if necessary).
☐ 
Review data/transaction volume and peak usage
Collect information on all SM data volumes to properly size the future SMAX instance. It is important to understand
the following details about the existing Service Manager system:
number of concurrent users during different times of the day; incl. Peak Usage numbers
number of Requests / Incidents / Changes etc. per month
total number of Requests / Incidents / Changes etc.
average attachment size and number of attachments
the systems current Service / CI details (numbers, levels)
Further details will help determine the best strategy for migrating the Service Manager master data:
How many categories (across all levels) exist in the system?
How many groups?
How many contacts?
How many locations and departments?
If there are high numbers in any of these areas, review each individually to determine if cleanup prior moving them
to SMAX would benefit the migration effort.
☐ 
Review license type and count
Ensure the system has the correct SMA license to move to SMAX. A classic Service Manager license will not entitle
use of SMAX. For more information, contact your corresponding Sales Representative.
☐ 
Plan the infrastructure setup
It is important to capture the current infrastructure setup and discover any potential differences in the infrastructure
setup when moving to SMAX. 
Important areas to investigate include:
database requirements (SMAX only supports PostGresSQL)
Operating systems requirements (Windows is currently not supported)
high availability requrirements
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
241
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.