High availability of control plane nodes
The control plane consists of three nodes distributed in different subnets.
An azure application gateway is used to balance the traffic to the control plane nodes.
High-performance storage
NetApp ONTAP cloud is used as the storage service.
Support for up to 1,500 concurrent users.
Service Level Target Settings
An enhanced Service Level Management modules enables you to flexibly setup SLAs and OLAs for the new record types
created in Studio, based on your business requirements. It's now possible to measure your Service Level Targets based on your
internal and external agreements. This enables you to monitor your daily operations to improve the customer satisfaction. The
following features are available:
Control the SLT calculation and configure the key fields involved in SLT
Create SLAs/OLAs for customized record types by leveraging Service Target Sets
Within Service Level Target Sets, it's now possible to:
Select the applicable target types
Define business rules for the required start/stop/suspend conditions for each target type 
Define business rules to update your records or send notification.
Notifications in iOS Service Portal mobile app
Notifications are added to the iOS Service Portal mobile app in this release. You now receive the following notifications when
you log in to Service Portal with the iOS mobile app: Pending approval, Resolved request, and Provide more information.
If the Service Portal application is in use (running in the foreground), the in-app notification is displayed.
If the Service Portal application isn't in use, the push notification is displayed.
Suite Administration
Access Control List (ACL). ACL is a new feature that enables the suite admin to control data access for users in the shared
service provider and shared service agent roles.
Roles and permission enhancement. Now users in the suite admin, shared service provider, and shared service agent
roles can access Suite Administration with different privileges. For example, now only suite admin can access
CONFIGURATION, OPERATION HISTORY, and ACCESS CONTROL.
Password policy. A new password policy tab is introduced in account configuration to set up password policies.
License synchronization with AutoPass. If licenses are uploaded directly in AutoPass, you can synchronize license
information from AutoPass to Suite Administration.
NLP based Virtual Agent (Alpha package)
This release includes an alpha package of the SMA Virtual Agent (Chatbot). The Virtual Agent can perform the following tasks
to help improve the productivity of real IT agents and improve end user experience:
Answer questions from end users with information from the knowledge base
Create a support ticket when requested by a user who isn't satisfied with the answer provided 
Create service requests when requested by users who can't find desired offerings from within the service portal 
You can download 
Virtual Agent (Chatbot) -- Alpha package 2018.05
 from 
Micro Focus
 
ITOM Marketplace
. For more
information about how to install and integrate the SMA Virtual Agent, refer to the PDF document that's included in this
package.
ChatOps
ChatOps uses a command line interface to link SMA to collaboration tools such as Microsoft Teams, Slack, and Mattermost. You
can use ChatOps commands to search for, view, and update incidents. Additionally, ChatOps suggests knowledge articles and
provides hyperlinks to the full knowledge article in the KM module.
This release includes the following enhancements:
Provides hyperlinks to suggested knowledge articles
Adds the 
search incident
 command to search both incidents and knowledge articles 
Adds the 
help incident
 command to provide help information with comprehensive guidance
Provides misspelling correction
You can download the ChatOps package from 
Micro Focus
 ITOM Marketplace. For more information about how to install and
configure ChatOps, refer to the PDF document that's included in this package.
Service Catalog Aggregation
Service Catalog Aggregation allows end users to use the SMAX Service Portal to request catalog offerings that are defined and
fulfilled in Service Manager along with the SMAX defined and fulfilled offerings. End users are able to track the status of all
Caution
This alpha package supports English only, and is recommended for demonstration or test environments only. Do
not deploy this package in a production environment.


SMAX 2022.11
Page 
131
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.