Storage
Overview
Storage considerations are necessary for installations with and without embedded Kubernetes.
The information in this is general in nature and describes the various types and usage of storage both local and external for
containers.
Containers
At runtime, container file systems are either completely read-only (RO) or read-write (RW).
Files on-disk inside a container are ephemeral. When a container crashes, it will be restarted but the files will be lost. A
container always starts with a clean file system.
Changes to RW container file systems won't survive a container restart. Any changes made to a RW container file system will
be gone if the container is restarted for whatever reason.
Therefore, any container state that needs to survive a restart needs to be stored outside of the container on so called
external storage
.
When running in Kubernetes (the scheduling unit being a Pod possibly consisting of multiple containers) it may also be
necessary to share files between containers. This needs to be done by accessing a shared external data store.
External storage can be backed by a variety of technologies ranging from traditional local hard drives or SSD, SAN attached
storage (iSCSI, fiber channel), disk clustering software, NFS and others.
A choice of storage depends on what customers are using and/or performance and HA requirements for the data in the
external storage.
Containerized applications such as OMT AppHub and ITOM suites currently support only local temporary, NFS or Ceph storage.
The data stored in the external storage can be any of the following (and the list isn't exhaustive):
Configuration files
Add-on binary files
Product customizations (can take many forms)
Database files
Temporary files
Platform and Suite logs
Kubernetes provides external storage to containers via an abstraction called Volumes.
Volumes are attached to containers either directly or via a further abstraction called Persistent Volumes and Persistent Volume
Claims.
Essentially, volumes are just directories that are made accessible to running containers inside a Pod.
See 
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#background
Applications uses both directly attached Volumes (for ephemeral data) and Persistent Volumes (for persistent data) attached
to containers.
Volume mounts are used for:
exposing a node host path inside a container (hostPath)
providing ephemeral directories for temporary data (emptyDir)
Persistent Volumes are used for:
container configuration data
log files
database files
Volumes link the container to a specific type of storage and are therefore not ideal when creating portable deployments of
Suites. For this reason, their use is kept limited.
Persistent Volumes don't link the container to a specific type of storage. Through the creation of persistent volume claims
(PVC) that are linked 1:1 with a particular persistent volume (PV) and the use of the PVC as a volume inside the container, we
can achieve volume storage backend agnostic deployments.
Volumes: 
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/
Persistent volumes: 
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/
Containerd storage
Containerd provides a RW container filesystem by layering a RW layer on top of the RO image layer.
Containerd hosts use a storage driver to provide a unified view of the layered file system that makes up the container images.
The Containerd runtime used in the OMT embedded Kubernetes uses the 
overlayfs
 storage driver.
SMAX 2022.11
Page 
426
This PDF was generated on 25/02/2023 02:18:34 for your convenience. For the latest documentation, always see
https://docs.microfocus.com
.